Text
Aeronautics active control surface
VIRES Aeronautics is uniquely positioned to transform the aeronautics industry with its revolutionary wing design. They retrofit the wings of legacy aircrafts, enabling faster takeoff and landing, increased payload capacity, improved maneuverability, extended range, and reduced fuel consumption. Their technology also has the capacity to disrupt a myriad of other markets including, but not limited to, automobiles, submarines, ships, turbines, and trains.
The In-Space Propulsion CompanyAccion Systems manufactures propulsion systems for satellites based on proprietary technology developed at MIT.   Our systems address an industry-wide issue: there are no suitable in-space propulsion options for small satellites, and systems designed for large satellites are cost-prohibitive. We offer a solution for the entire $2B in-space propulsion market that is inexpensive, small but easily scalable, and safe for rideshare launches.
We build drones and drone components to make people safer, more informed, and more productive
Vantage makes UAVs and UAV components for customers including the US Army, Ford, CNN, FLIR, the US Air Force, and Stanford University. Our first product, Snap, achieved a landmark FAA waiver for commercial flight over people. Our second product, Vesper, was one of five products selected by the Pentagon for use by the federal government. We’re currently making the next generation micro drone for the US Army’s $100M Soldier Borne Sensor Program and a family of modular micro-gimbals as part of the Pentagon’s Blue UAS program. The company won Richard Branson's Extreme Tech Challenge and has been recognized by TechCrunch, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Wired, Quartz, and USA Today, amongst many others. Vantage has been awarded over $10M in R&D contracts over the last two years and raised $11M in venture funding. The company has strong backing from VCs who previously backed Twitter and Zoom, the founder of Insitu, and the Pentagon’s Defense Innovation Unit. We are a team of Stanford engineers, DARPA Grand Challenge winners, IDEO and Volkswagen alums, NASA roboticists, 3D printer designers, and pioneering software developers. We're also ardent kite surfers, mountain bikers, professional rock climbers, competitive dancers, surfers, and award winning pilots. We work to achieve ambitious goals, but also to achieve meaningful lives.
Mobile productivity platform for front line distributed workforcesWe are the mobile-first productivity platform for the world's most mobile workforce. Hyper-focused on the non-tactical daily work on which most of our troops spend most of their time. Combines joy of use, military-grade security, and an analytics layer to help our troops and their commanders make better decisions, faster.   We have assembled an ultra-high performing team and are exceedingly well positioned to become the dominant provider of these solutions, already seeing substantial traction and early revenue.
Predictive Analytics for on-site energy plant operations
Root3 Technologies Inc. provides a hosted software as a service solution that reduces energy costs 10-30% in onsite energy plants for universities, hospitals, airports, and military bases. Root3’s no-install, patent-pending technology uses powerful Predictive Analytics and Big Data to help energy plant managers make hour-by-hour operating decisions.
Throwable cameras/sensors for first responders and industrial applications
Every day we ask police, fire, industrial safety, and other first responders to enter hazardous, unseen spaces in the performance of their duty. We provide tools to help keep them safer as they work for our well-being. Our 360/omnidirectional cameras can be thrown into a dangerous environment and instantly deliver omnidirectional real-time video to a first-responder's smartphone, tablet, or even VR headset. In addition to our ongoing work with first-responders, we are exploring applications of our image processing technology to the consumer VR/360 video space. Bounce Imaging was awarded $1M at the Verizon Powerful Answers Award, and has been named Invention of the Year by TIME, CNN, and Popular Science, among others.
3D Motion-Sensing Technology for Early Detection and Prevention of Traumatic Brain Injury
Patented 3D Motion Sensing Technology. Axelo's vision is to enable the widest spectrum of applications with motion sensing and movement detection capability, and to be a leading company in developing and improving these technologies for worldwide market acceptance. The patent is prior to all major corporations currently playing in this domain. Home Entertainment,Healthcare, Aerospace, as well as products/devices designed specifically for Military Applications.
Protecting service members and civilians with artificially intelligent systems
We empower robots to go where people and robots cannot go today - to gather critical intelligence that makes battlefields safer for service members and innocent civilians. We do cool stuff in the areas of deep learning, online learning, life-long learning, perception, state estimation, planning, controls, and hardware design.
Tiny batteries that last a lifetime
Widetronix’s mission is to enable autonomous sensors for the wireless world. The company is commercializing ultra low power sensors with betavoltaic micro-power sources, which have an energy density up to 5 µW/cm2. This technology is based on licensed patents from Cornell University, as well as Widetronix patents and patents pending. Known applications include critical system protection for defense ($200M), secure IT and networking ($840M), industrial sensors ($500M), and medical implants ($1B), where drivers are long-life, stability in harsh environments, and small size, respectively. Widetronix operates its own electronics packaging facility, as well as in the Cornell Nanofabrication Facility, both in Ithaca, New York. The company is venture, grant, and customer funded and is seeking to fill out $500K of a $1M bridge financing to lead to a $5M Series A in 2014. This will enable the company to transition into production and sales in 2014.
Securing the Internet of ThingAuthentication and data protection to the growing number of physically small sensors (wired and wireless) and low-power devices being introduced daily around the world.  Target platforms include everything from smartphones (see video of smartphone demo), tablets, and sensors to medical devices, buildings and automobiles.   Devices and machines are being connected to the Internet at a staggering rate and will approach 50 billion “connected devices” by 2020. Security and privacy are now critical factors in the successful introduction and use of new technology and SecureRF’s solutions enable customers and partners to uniquely meet this challenge.  Its patented protocols deliver the highest value in protection at the lowest cost possible and the option of a transactional revenue model further enhances value by allowing customer to only pay for what they use. 
Building the future of multiplayerAt Improbable, we believe that simulations as large and complex as the real world are the next fundamental breakthrough technology. Like in the real world, objects in these simulations will change in response to their environment, and their interactions will combine to form massive, complex systems.  We are building the platform to make these simulations possible.  New worlds for gaming and entertainment can now be created using our product, SpatialOS. Our technology creates permanent, persistent and engaging experiences: worlds where your actions really matter. The same technology that makes imaginary worlds feel real can also illuminate complex systems at work in reality. We use insight acquired through simulation to solve real world problems.  You can find out more about our technology on our website - improbable.io
Providing Cost Effective Entertainment Services for budget-constrained US Armed Forces
TTF Entertainment is focused exclusively on bringing the most popular talent in music and comedy to our troops, their families, and the surrounding communities. TTFE brings deep military, entertainment, and sponsorship industry experience to bear in enhancing and multiplying increasingly pressured Military budgets. TTFE is a service-disabled, veteran owned business.
Augmented Cognition company focused on National Security & DefenseEvery day, two million passengers and their baggage are screened at US airports. Millions more are screened at international airports, office buildings, infrastructure centers, and more. Beyond people, billions of pieces of cargo, mail, and freight are scanned. What most of these have in common is little automation and very manual process.  Synapse provides algorithmic analysis of security x-ray images to determine if they contain a threat, such as a firearm of explosive. We deploy our deep learning-based algorithms on premises at global airports, and provide a user interface for screeners to communicate with the algorithms. We already have global pilots underway.   We’re backed by top-tier Bay Area investors that believe in our vision for a safer world.
Fast Image & Video Search by ContentNerVve has developed the next generation in video search technology. The Intelligent video analytics market will grow in excess of 30% per year with an estimated size of $1.2 billion in 2018. NerVve is at the forefront of this growing market.  NerVve allows you to search through videos and images as much as 1000x faster than current method using a search by example methodology. The NerVve Visual Search Solution (NVSS) is highly scalable and can be run on multiple servers. It has been heavily tested in some of the most demanding customer environments in the intelligence community and broadcast.  The product was also used recently to analyze video associated with the recent bombing in Boston, allowing law enforcement to quickly identify video segments that included specific objects of intelligence importance.
Cost-effective nuclear bomb detectors for smart cities
Silverside Detectors helps governments reduce the threat of nuclear terrorism. The flat-panel radiation detector can be installed at nuclear storage sites, in transit infrastructure, at ports and borders, and around city environments. This creates a networked web of detectors, which can share background readings to more accurately pinpoint movement of illicit nuclear material. The technology is one tenth the cost of current solutions on the market.
Wearable technology for a superhuman workforce
Rufus builds technology to improve efficiency and safety in the workplace.
Connecting our Military
Sandboxx provides a platform that integrates the mobile social technology of today with the social and hierarchical structure of the military community. It is a secure and comprehensive communications platform specifically designed to allow service members to connect directly with each other within the hierarchical structure of their command, as well as connect with their families and friends. By aligning family readiness, unit hierarchy, and the user’s social graph, Sandboxx acts as a social platform that targets, engages and caters to the active, reserve, and veteran community.
Mobile and Web Applications for Law Enforcement
Developed by law enforcement officers, iCrimeFighter is a mobile evidence management solution bringing true mobility to officers’ everyday work life. iCrimeFighter’s mission is to make evidence collection and investigative collaboration easier and more efficient.
Collaborative Machine Intelligence
With every line you write, Diﬀeo learns more about what you're working on and how you see your world. Behind the scenes, it uses that information to scour the deep Web and your private data sources to build a dynamic graph of the people, places, things, and events that matter to your research. As you work, Diﬀeo recommends sources that you may never have known existed, and makes connections even when they are deeply buried or hidden on purpose. With Diﬀeo, your workﬂow is unbroken, and the insight into your world gets clearer and clearer.
The most efficient gas storage systems in the universe for mission critical applications
Infinite Composites Technologies™ (ICT), designs, develops and manufactures the most efficient gas storage systems in the universe. ICT was founded in 2010 to revolutionize composite pressure vessel technology, with the ultimate goal of enabling widespread adoption of composite pressure vessels. This led to the creation of the infinite Composite Pressure Vessel, which provides up to 40% lower mass while reducing cost by up to 50% compared to state of the art space pressure vessels and reducing lead time by up to 80%. ICT is the only AS9100D certified manufacturer of linerless composite pressure vessels.
The Pioneer in Augmented Reality Glasses for the Aviation IndustryAero Glass provides a unique turnkey solution for the aviation industry by addressing pilots' need to properly visualize terrain, navigation, traffic (ADS-B), instrument, weather, and airspace information with access to vital safety procedures and protocols, without the requirement of inspecting instruments, phone or iPad. Using  Epson Moverio, Google Glass and other Head-Mounted Displays, Aero Glass is the first to bring Augmented Reality to pilots providing an unparalleled 3D, 360° experience in the cockpit, regardless of the visibility conditions. These capabilities will make the skies safer for all aviators.  Markets include 1M General Aviation pilots, Police & First Responder, Commercial Aviation, Gaming, Training, and Defense.  Aero Glass is working with partners to craft targeted solutions for each market.  As the first to market with Augmented Reality for General Aviation pilots, the Company has generated significant traction since launch of it's beta product on July 22nd.
Organic AI
Ohuku provides a 100% visual data simulation platform that simplifies complicated data by leveraging the user's intuition with artificial intelligence (AI) and patented mental models in a dynamic user interface. We’re simplifying how people interact with complicated data, in a way that’s easy and intuitive to use, even for beginners.
Advanced Engineering SolutionsTALOS X​ ​is specialized in advanced​ ​engineering​ ​consulting​ ​for industrial and commercial operations.​ ​We​ ​provide​ ​domain​ ​expertise in​ Robotics, ​Unmanned Vehicles, Hardware Design, Software Design, and Engineering Strategy.
  
 We​ are​ ​recognized for​ ​our​ ​highly​ ​skilled and experienced engineer​​ing and robotics team.​ ​Our engineers have project experience for NASA, DARPA, Oceaneering, The US Navy, The US Army, and the US Patent Office.
  
 Our company offers​ ​deep technical knowledge, outstanding work​ ​quality,​ ​accurate​ ​delivery, and a dedication to​ ​the highest​ ​standards of​ ​engineering design and innovation. Through​ ​a deep​ ​understanding​ ​of​ ​client needs​ ​and careful project execution,​ ​TALOS X​ ​transforms​ ​technology-based​ ​visions​ ​into​ ​a​ ​working​ ​reality.
Multi-Spectral Remote Sensing Systems for Earth and Space
My team is building a multispectral remote sensing platform for biosensing applications in mobile health and aerospace markets. We are submitting the prototype of this sensor for competition in the Qualcomm Tricorder X-Prize Challenge, and are currently building partnerships for commercialization.
Drone systems for government agencies and commercial maritime industry
Planck Aerosystems builds fully autonomous drone systems for formidable maritime operations. We’re looking for enthusiastic and talented engineers to solve real, exciting technical challenges.
Open-source big-data intelligenceWe've built an open-source platform for professionals who make a difference in society — in law enforcement, military and intelligence, public sector investigation, regulation, and public relations.  Seajas helps them be more effective in their work. By combining their information sources and giving them context to their information. Keeping a forensically sound record and keeping to case privacy by keeping their data and queries in-house. By providing real-time updates and search across huge volumes of information. And strong visualizations through data analysis: machine translation, speech-to-text, geo-search, graph networks, and complex language processing to extract sentiment, categories, and entities.  We work with intelligence and law enforcement to monitor cases online, and mapping out images for event and crisis monitoring. With regulatory agencies to index legal texts from disparate sources. And marketing firms to provide business and product sentiment for their clients.
An "Electronic Nose"  for chemical sensingVaporsens, is developing a detector to help law enforcement, military, and public safety officials "sniff" out explosives and narcotics. The detector uses our breakthrough sensor technology that is more sensitive than any other on the market.  Our sensor has seven pending patents and can be utilized in detectors for handheld, ambient, and checkpoint use.  The development is supported by the Defense Department, Utah's prestigious TCIP program, the National Science Foundation's SBIR program, and private investors.
Scientific Software and AnalyticsData analytics, sensor solutions and scientific software.  Industries include aerospace & aviation, manufacturing and defense.  Specialty in lasers and cameras (visible and infrared)  Solutions are based on the technology foundation for missile defense systems and on software for scientific analytics and modeling.
Early Warning System for Disinformation & Fake News using Deep Learning
Blackbird.AI uses machine learning and interdisciplinary human intelligence to combat disinformation. Our proprietary AI-Driven SaaS platform is aimed at providing a more automated understanding of disinformation campaigns and harmful digital media. Our platform surfaces synthetic amplification from bots and trolls, delegitimization campaigns and meme-driven propaganda. Blackbird.AI provides real-time actionable insights for disinformation countermeasures to governments, Fortune 500/Global 1000 brands, and citizens. We help preserve brand integrity, trust, and regulatory compliance through cloud-based visual dashboards and systems-level integration.
Ultra compact and efficient rotary engineThe LiquidPiston 'X' engine is an advanced rotary internal combustion engine that is fuel efficient, extremely compact and lightweight, durable, quiet, and has near-zero vibration.   The X-Mini engine is a 70cc gasoline SI engine, the size of a grapefruit, rated at 3-5 HP, weighing only 4 lbs.  This engine is the company's most mature technology demonstrator - achieving 50% better fuel economy than comparable displacement piston engines. This engine can be used in generators, chainsaws, mopeds, UAVs, etc.   In 2015 the company completed a $1M DARPA Feasibility study, and the company expects up to $12.5M in DoD contracts to develop diesel versions of its X engine for generator and UAV applications in 2016.   The "X4" concept is a 30kW Diesel engine achieving 50% better fuel economy than a piston engine, in a 10x8x8" package, weighing 25lbs.  While developed initially for the DoD, this engine will have applications including as a range-extending power source to increase range of an EV.
The world's leading global aerospace & defense startup acceleratorStarburst is an innovation catalyst in the aerospace industry. It is the first and only global aerospace accelerator, connecting startups with corporates, investors and government, providing growth and investment opportunities for all. With offices in Los Angeles, Paris, Munich, Seoul, Tel Aviv, and Singapore, the team has built an ecosystem of key players with 6000+ startups in its network.  Our program helps startups scale their business in aerospace and defense with access to the largest group of corporate stakeholders to help startups win their first $1M+ contract.  We’re interested in tech transfer from research labs or a very innovative concept – teams made up of entrepreneurs and scientists – with an existing prototype to market.
Weapons maintenance without weapons disassembly BLAZnTECH is proud to introduce the world's first and only Motorized Weapons Cleaning System, a pocket-sized tool that manages to quickly and effectively (without any disassembly) clean most commonly used rifles and handguns! Made from glass-reinforced nylon, assembled in the United States, and covered by a lifetime warranty, the (MWCS) is guaranteed to provide a luxurious cleaning experience. Founded by a combat veteran who personally discovered the need for such a device during his time overseas, BLAZnTECH is a veteran-owned and operated company that takes great pride in delivering its necessity-based invention to an industry that is already calling the product "a vacuum in a market full of brooms”. 
Printing satellite propulsion like computer chips
Our team of MIT rocket scientists is printing spacecraft propulsion like computer chips. Thanks to Moore's law and the exploding commercial imagery and communications markets, the number of satellites that will be launched over the next few years will surpass the total number launched throughout the history of spaceflight, and we want to sell them propulsion systems. Because our systems are comprised of quarter-sized modular thruster chips, our products can be anything you need them to be--use 8 chips to de-orbit a tiny CubeSat, or arrange hundreds side-by-side to maintain your geostationary satellite's precise attitude. This modularity, and our peculiar liquid propellants that don't require heavy tanks and valves, position us to shake up the stagnant electric propulsion industry for any customer, with any size of satellite, for the first time in nearly 60 years.
Jobs
View all jobs
Secured collaboration platform for security personnelGlobeKeeper builds real-time collaboration platform for security personnel that includes  (1) an encrypted communication network,  (2) intuitive collaboration interface, and  (3) compatibility with existing systems and equipment  in order to save lives, money and enhance decision making capabilities. 
UHDTV video enabler
Comprimato has standard based video codec for UHDTV video able to run on comodity PC. Enables UHDTV/4K workflows on current hardware. B2B oriented.
Making it easy for anyone to create immersive, hands-on learning experiences in VR & AR
Field trips, demonstrations, and direct experiences foster significantly higher engagement and retention than worksheets, lectures, and movies, but they can be hard to integrate into your units. Holos makes it as easy as possible to create your own immersive 3D learning experiences for students to view right in your classroom, bringing the power of immersive hands-on learning with the simplicity of a drag-and-drop interface. In VR, you lay out your content. It’s an experience similar to putting a PowerPoint presentation together, except you’re viewing and editing your content in full 3D space. The Holos VR workspace for teachers is equipped with a set of friendly tools that enable them to mix content together to create dioramas and immersive 3D lessons for their students with drag-and-drop simplicity. In AR, students can access the shoebox dioramas that you have put together and place them into the real world, onto a table or their desk with an iPad.
AI for competitive reasoning
All traditional AI methods digest historical data to create an expert system that models past events. These approaches can be precise and consistent, but they typically have no way to account for their decision process, and they fail when confronted with a sentient opponent. Facing such real world demands is not an exercise in traditional machine learning. Accordingly, we have developed an entirely new theory of algorithms, from the ground up, specifically for defeating sentient adversaries.
Thermal Imaging Surpasses all Technologies  The product is the newest form of advancement in Law Enforcement and Military technology.  US Military and law enforcement constantly look for an edge, an advantage, particularly when it can save lives. Up to two years ago, NVGs (Night Vision Glasses) were clearly held in this regard … even with all their major ‘flaws’ and drawbacks.  Our "Advantagetm" compact, mobile, light-weight thermal imaging system eliminated all the NVG’s limitations by dramatically replacing it with a "battle field multiplier" that is also used in day time, and ‘sees’ in fog, clouds, smoke, tear gas or light snow operations. It also detects hand and foot prints. Reveals people or objects hidden by terrain, behind foliage and camouflage and can expose weapons and contraband under garments.  
Multifocal imaging that can see, track and know more in real time than ever beforeSaikou Optics is unique in our ability to capture and stream multiple focal lengths nearly simultaneously and to zoom at ultra-high speeds without compromising optical quality, and to dynamically respond to the requirements of a computer vision controller.   The greatest value propositions for adoption of Saikou Optics technology are wherever the ability to see and understand everything in an environment is mission critical and depends on computer vision to derive insights and recommend or take actions. These use cases include applications as diverse as mobile sensing systems for autonomous vehicles, stationary wide area surveillance systems, and scientific microscopes used for scanning multiple layers within human cells.  Applications of Saikou's technology in early stages of development with strategic partners include: a passive (camera) system for autonomous vehicles; a multi-channel wide-area object tracking system for defense system testing; and, a microscopy imaging system.
Putting Antimatter to WorkPositron Dynamics is developing the world's first Antimatter based propulsion system.  Anti-electrons (positrons) offer the highest energy density of any known material, and will provide the catalyst for high velocity rocket exhaust.  This new propulsion technique will have broad applications in aerospace and defense.
Harnessing Data to Save LivesARC's product includes a sensor suite combined with a software and analytics platform offering real-time feedback on firearms usage.   Curious? Reach out to learn more!  
Physics-based human biomechanical simulation
Biomechsys is developing software and services for physics-based human biomechanical simulation - we're creating products that enable the synthesis of realistic digital human body models and human motion for interactive entertainment, defense, medicine and sports. Our initial product will be middleware and additional software tools for integrating physics-based biomechanical simulation with game engines.
Solving complex security problems with 3D video-game technologiesFortem offers an intuitive 3D platform to unify security systems: video cameras and recorders, access control, GPS, radar, gunshot detection, analytics, etc.  Our patent-pending technology, inspired from video-games, eliminates bottlenecks and helps better prevent, detect, investigate and respond to crimes and disasters. Tracking suspects, understanding and controlling emergencies becomes easy and fast.  Customers include the Newark PD, Montreal Transit and Defense departments worldwide.
Secure Computing Technologies
HyperLock - A suite of embedded software security technologies for safety & security-critical systems, including: aerospace, defense, automotive, internet services, financial networks, autonomous systems, and mobile/embedded devices. Visit starlab.io for more details.
solar-electric powered UAVOur solar-electric powered unmanned aerial vehicle stays aloft for 3+ weeks over 30,000 feet.  The plane is built with light weight materials. Combining the power systems and the materials makes this plane less expensive to acquire and operate than mainstream UAV's currently on the market.  This aircraft can be equipped with intelligence, surveillance, communications, and sensor equipment, depending on the mission.  This plane helps our customers monitor activity on earth or establish an aerial telecommunications network over areas of earth that are lacking cell coverage.  In addition to military, first responder and homeland defense applications, the aircraft can be used to protect high profile individuals or those having a need for additional protection; movement of valuable cargo; telecommunications companies or certain internet firms.
Simulation and gaming in the digital globe
Current Product: HoloShot is a weapon simulator system that converts a firearm into an interactive game controller, interoperable with an augmented reality Head Mounted Display. Previous Product: Geoception leverages COTS digital globe technology to create a lightweight simulation and video gaming engine with accurate, global map coverage.
Robotic Vision for Autonomous Drones and Self Driving CarsSooner than you think, you will have a robot actively involved in your daily life. It may be a personal robot, but more likely it will be your car, or a security drone or delivery vehicle. These devices will not be operator controlled, they will be autonomous, and need vision.  They need a small, light weight, low power unit with no moving parts. We have such a unit. We have the the next generation of robotic vision systems. Our techniques are proprietary. We will have the patents to protect our IP.  We have pushed ultrasonic technology to the point where it looks like radar. We provide full XYZ coordinates for multiple objects. We also determine density characteristics about each object’s surface. For autonomous vehicles, this means telling the difference between a 2 meter bush that a tractor can plow through versus a 2 meter boulder that should be avoided. We can see a wounded soldier laying on the ground versus a log.  The 2014 ultrasonic sensor WW market is $20b excluding defense.
Durable visual RFID tags for tracking high value items outdoors and in harsh environments
TrazeTag produces visual durable RFID tags to track high value assets, tools, equipments and materials outdoors and in harsh / abusive environments. Its products and methods are patented.
World's First Quiet Supersonic Business Jet
Introducing the world’s first Quiet Supersonic Jet, the Spike S-512. The ultra-luxurious, next generation aircraft uses state-of-the-art technology and materials to fly at Mach 1.6 (1100mph) - 500mph faster than any other civilian aircraft. Patent-pending Quiet Supersonic Flight technology results in low-boom supersonic flights required for overland operation. Flying on the Spike S-512, passengers will save 40% or more in flight times, which means LAX to NYC in 3 hours, NYC to London in 3 hours or even NYC to Dubai in only 6 hours. Exhausting 12-hour flights every few months are now just a comfortable 6 hours and could be monthly.
Veteran Training and Employment - IT
Career Services – Key to your Fast Start in IT ​Training is great! Most schools don't offer Career Services until very near if not after graduation. We are different. Your Career Services Directors begin working with you even before classes start so they can help prepare you for employment right out of the gate. As a result, most of our students are employed in new IT jobs or career positions BEFORE they graduate! And it doesn't end there. Our graduates receive career advancement support for a lifetime at no additional cost, ever. - See more at: lnkd.in/eKm2iFt
Firearms training technologies to boost tactical performance
Method Dynamics is developing a proprietary training device that attaches to existing guns to collect shooting data making training more effective for tactical shooters.
Make Recycling FunPatent Pending  Recycling system that encourages the habit of recycling through reporting real-time relatable metrics is disclosed. The solution reports data real-time in a relatable metric that engages the consumer and communicates it through a visual display on the unit and through internal and external platforms.  The user inserts a recyclable item into the bins and sees the systems metrics change in real time. The user can further extend the gaming experience by visiting the displayed website or scanning the QR code.   Additionally: It can be used for storage of items. It can report data as items are removed. Many applications outside of recycling such as retail, warehouse, inventory, etc.  Also, it can create: Data for CPGs, inventory control for retail or in manufacturing, etc.
Prioritize, automate & collaborate with a platform built for THREAT-CENTRIC SECURITY OPERATIONSThreatQuotient is a cyber-security firm dedicated to building enterprise solutions to defend against advanced cyber threats. Our solutions enable businesses to leverage and optimize cyber threat intelligence to mitigate risk from attackers.   ThreatQ, is a proven threat intelligence platform comprised of three components: -IOC Management Platform -Spearphish/Event Analysis -Actor Profiles  ThreatQ’s design responds to current gaps in the computer network defense analytical toolset and actualizes ACTIONABLE intelligence through end-to-end automation. The product is operationally live within different environments, streamlining time-consuming network defense processes and transforming corporate security operations. ThreatQuotient solutions are initially suited for customers in the defense, IT, financial services, and government sectors.
Top Recruiting Platform for former U.S. Military service members The LinkedIn for Veterans is here! Military Job Networks is an online recruiting and networking system just for verified current and former U.S. Military service members. It provides low cost job matching tools and uses patent pending Military translation tools to recommend the most relevant candidates for our employers.  Clients can grow into other hiring products and services we offer at affordable prices with incredible customer support.  Hire discipline and leadership, hire our Veterans.
Build customer loyalty with instant rewards
We are looking to build a unique instant rewards application help retailers capture customers and build in a social engagement platform to help the retailer build targeted offers for specific segments of his customer base
Citadel builds an automated and modular drone defense solution that uses proprietary machine learning algorithms to detect and engage unwanted drones.  Our team is made up of experts from the commercial and military drone industries with decades of experience in delivering exceptional solutions.  We are Venture Capital backed and our current customers include the United States Department of Defense, Defense Innovation Unit-Experimental (DIUX) and the Special Operations Communities.
Unmanned Aerial System
TASSC’ TYR 3000 is the first of its kind in the mid size COAX VTOL UAV (Coaxial Rotor, Vertical Take Off-Landing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle/System) will strengthen ties between the civilian and military sectors as well as the industrial and technical communities. It will act as the incubator for new unmanned system programs, with particular emphasis on potential unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) markets. The TYR 3000 will revolutionize the UAV market with its extreme low cost system price.
Virtual Reality based platform for train CBRN staff
Talim is immersive, interactive and object-oriented Virtual Reality based platform for train CBRN staff. Demonstrations and simulations are available in Hot Zone, Warm Zone and Cold Zone with Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and threat agents. It offers task-based scenarios for increasing the mental abilities and preparing CBRN staff to actual HazmMat situations. Features of the platform are; Task-Based Scenarios H-W-C Zones Different Environments ( Metro, Airport, Stadium, Traffic Accident) Agent Variable ( Chemical Agents, Biological Agents, Radiological Agents, Nuclear Agents) Multiplayer, Role-Playing Report and Analysis of Performance
AIrcraft electric propulsion. VTOL, UAVs, replacement for jet engines
Inkleon is working to develop the first commercial electric jet propulsion system for aircraft. This system will utilize electrohydrodynamic (EHD) propulsion to provide propulsion more efficient than a jet turbine as well extremely efficient vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) abilities. EHD propulsion has been proven at small scales. Inkleon will implement it at a much larger scale. Inkleon has developed a three-phase plan to reach commercial viability. Currently, we are looking for seed funding for the first phase of this plan - building the first high-powered EHD thruster, one that can lift its own weight. This phase will complete approximately 3 months after funding is secured. From there, Inkleon will continually scale up and innovate as we work towards fitting the first commercial aircraft with an EHD system, securing industry and DOD contracts, and breaking into the multi-billion dollar aircraft propulsion industry.
Building the National Security MarketplaceThe National Security Technology Accelerator (NSTXL) provides a single access point for innovative companies to access the extensive Department of Defense (DoD) network and its vast resources.   Companies, universities, and laboratories can utilize NSTXL services to more efficiently and effectively access the proven commercialization track of the US military for their technologies.   On the flip side, NSTXL enables DoD to cast a much larger net in order to find specific, innovative solutions to the hundreds of technological needs for installations and operations worldwide.   Through an innovative online platform combined with a series of technology expos, challenges, competitions and awards, NSTXL prospects and vets emerging technologies and matches them with aggregated technological requirements of the US military.  Once a match is made, NSTXL utilizes special contracting authority to complete the prototyping contract in a matter of only a few weeks.
First patented super boat that is 90% emissions free in a $29bn marine industryWalt Schulz has been working for over a decade to develop the practical use of aerodynamic and hydrodynamic lift on a boat coupled with high-efficiency air propulsion to address critical environmental pollution issues and offshore sea conditions.  The goal was to utilize 35% more efficient air propulsion technology for primary propulsion rather than water propellers to minimize the energy-stealing drag of a boat immersed in the molecular dense water while also mitigating sea state/wave-condition motion issues.  The sea-skimming Amphfoil is the first totally new marine design in history to address high fuel burn and excessive greenhouse gas emissions from fossil-fuel powered boats, sensitive shoreline ecosystems damage caused by wakes from overly-large marine engines, the disregard for marine mammal protection from vessel strikes, uncomfortable offshore sea-state conditions, and important market application issues. It took 4 years to obtain international patent coverage on the Amphfoil.
Oxygen bandage for healing wounds
An oxygen delivery bandage for accelerating the healing of wounds. Can be used on blisters or cuts as well as more sever wounds like diabetic ulcers. It will be available in an affordable over-the-counter package. No need for a prescription from a doctor.
Handheld biometric identification deviceSyMPL Technology, Inc. has a working prototype of a handheld biometric collection device for in-field identification of unknown persons for military, customs, border patrol, homeland security and public safety personnel.  The PocketPAD allows the user to capture biometric fingerprint, facial and iris scans and compare them to an internal database as well as the federal ABIS, IDENT and IAFIS databases over wireless communications.  
High Altitude Lighter Than Air PlatformSkycom's High Altitude Lighter Than Air Platforms (HALTAPs) will create low-cost cell towers in the sky, slashing mobile service providers’ cost of doing business and allowing rapid expansion into new markets.   HALTAPs are geostationary airships that float above 60,000 ft altitude to create a high-speed wireless network in the sky. The patent-pending technology at the core of our HALTAP design revolutionizes the lighter than air industry, and will allow us to achieve what other technologies can't: the first affordable, long endurance telecom platforms in the stratosphere.  The primary barrier to long-duration flight of lighter-than-air aircraft in the stratosphere has been lifting gas loss. Most solutions either work with these short flight times (e.g. Project Loon), or combat leakage with heavy, expensive, and impractically huge envelopes (e.g. Lockheed Martin's HALE-D). Skycom's elegant solution will facilitate unprecedented flight times, while keeping costs extremely low.
An Eye Exam For Your Brain From MITNewly discovered science at MIT reveals that our brains create blind spots and sweet spots in our field of vision. An eye exam measures how well you see something. Testing your brain measures how much and how fast you can see things at once. SplitSage has exclusive rights to MIT’s patented process and allows people to compensate to see more and miss less in split second situations. SplitSage's software measures an individual's field of vision and unique cognitive capacity. Essentially an eye exam for the brain, we create a heat map that shows where someone will always see something as well as where they will tend to miss something.   SplitSage also establishes a baseline for each individual and can identify when their brains are not functioning as normal. Things like sleep deprivation, stress, alcohol or disease can impact a person's decision making. Essentially a breathalyzer for your brain, we also assess people's cognitive function.    
Delivering holistic cyber capability and trainingDon’t wait to become a media headline.  Rapid changes in today’s cyber threat landscape can lead to security breaches that may impact your company’s bottom line and public image. With cyber criminals banding together, combining their skillsets, your company needs an awareness and cross-functional plan in place to protect your network, clients, employees and digital assets from attack. Is your security plan up to date, with an emphasis on cyber? Are key members of your organization educated on identifying and dealing with potential threats before they cause problems? Are your Executives protected from a reputational or physical perspective?  SEcureCog™ isn’t just another formulaic checklist approach.  SEcureCog cyber security training, smart-data sense-making, and vulnerability assessment offerings incorporate a dual focused approach that gives equal importance to both technical threats and reputation-based threats.
Detecting, characterising, mapping radiological contaminationImiTec’s core product is its patented Remote Isotopic Analysis System (RIAS) a radiation monitoring system that detects, characterises and maps radiation.  RIAS consists of sensors (lightweight micro-gamma spectrometer and positioning devices) to collect data together with a micro-controller to collect, combine, store and transmit data and bespoke software to interpret data and produce maps showing the location and intensity of the radiation and.  RIAS is different to current systems which only detect and measure radiation and is of interest to clients in the nuclear industry, defence, homeland security and oil& gas sectors who buy it for the significantly improved capability and speed of response it offers over current systems.   Already incorporated onto a remotely piloted Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and a man-pack variant, RIAS is currently being integrated into a ground based vehicle system.  It will also be mounted on blimps, submersibles and other autonomous robot systems.
Revolutionzing Ignition Technology
USPTO patented composite plastic ignition device to replace traditional copper wire + pyrotechnic ignition technology.
Modularity between rifles and scopes (like DSLR body & lens)Our technology removes the proprietary relationship of one scope to one rifle. Currently, a scope may only be calibrated (zeroed) to one rifle at a time. Since the zeroing process is fairly painful to perform, most users end up purchasing duplicate sighting systems to perform the same task on different firearms.  Our technology reverses the zeroing process by zeroing the rifle to the scope. In this way, the proprietary zero of the rifle remains in the rifle and sighting systems can be freely swapped across rifles without the loss of zero.  Our customers are the majority of firearms users who would rather "buy once, cry once" when it comes to owning combat grade, top quality sighting systems and make the most use of them.   
We defeat online terrorist recruitment
Our platform uses publicly available data to provide deep insights into how extremist propaganda succeeds
Advanced Technology for Mission Critical ApplicationsRobotics - Saves lives.    Medical Applications - Better Visualization for Doctors and Clinicians.
Charge and Safety Controller for High-Power Lithium Ion BatteriesAdvanced Projects Research Incorporated (APRI) has developed a charge, thermal, and safety control system for high-voltage high-power lithium-ion batteries at the cell level. Using specialty modular hardware and model based control, this control system can ensure maximum battery life and safety. The system has broad applicability to on-road and industrial vehicles, to commercial and defense aircraft power systems, to uninterruptible power supply, solar, and other ground power systems as well as drones and submarine vehicles.  
device for contactless explosives deactivation from distance The company seeks to manufacture a device which is able to deactivate from distance explosives and chemical warfare with high-energy neutrons generated from deuterium tritium fusion reaction.  We hold two registered patents with the USPTO related to the proposed device:  1. Yasser R. Shaban and Milen Panteleev, “Method and apparatus of identifying explosives and chemical warfare on-field with capacitative neutrons generator”, US-patent No.: 8,479,562--Issued on July 9, 2013.  2. Yasser R. Shaban and Milen Panteleev, “Method and apparatus of deactivating explosives and chemical warfare with high-energy neutrons generated from deuterium tritium fusion reaction”, US-patent number: 8675802—will be issued March 18, 2014.    This is a revolutionary device which will drastically change modern day warfare in all of its aspects. We seek an investment for the prototype.
Technology for offender rehabilitationGeosatis develops an innovative and complete solution for offenders under electronic monitoring, allowing to localize offenders with high security and precision. Products and services developed by Geosatis decrease the cost of conventional sanctions as well as the hidden costs (like management or maintenance), and increase the success rate of social reintegration of prisoners returning into civil life.  Our products were developed from the ground up with the quality and security challenges of current localization services in mind and in partnership with probation & prisons officers in order to match their needs. The Geosatis bracelet integrates a state-of-the art GPS module providing the highest geo-localization precision on the market. In 2014, Geosatis started a project with the European Space Agency (ESA) devoted to integrating the latest space-based localization technologies into the bracelet (in particular EGNOS and Galileo). 
XR Training and Marketing SolutionsModest Tree develops extended reality (XR) training and marketing applications for enterprise clients seeking to demonstrate their products and train their clients in an Immersive training environment.  
WiFi for subsea (offshore oil and gas, deep sea mining, defense, etc.)
OceanComm is introducing the equivalent of WiFi to the subsea industry (ocean exploration, offshore oil and gas, deep sea mining, defense, etc.). We use ultrasound, rather than radio waves, to make this possible.
Founded to reshape the aviation industry via autonomous aerial vehiclesOur startup company is based on ONE revolutionary "Tilt-Wing Tri-Ducted Fan Multi-Mode vehicle" design  patent “pending” with three different platforms:     -Multi-Mode Unmanned Aerial vehicle (UAV).  -Multi-Mode Autonomous Personal Air vehicle (APAV).  -Multi-Mode Manned Vehicle.  BRAQ Aerospace is the beginning of a new era...Join us!
100x faster Big Data AnalyticsCognitive accelerates analytic workloads like Map Reduce and Graph Search by 100x or more. The performance stems from Cognitive's unique approach to eliminating, rather than speeding-up or optimizing, disk I/O. Cognitive's "Smart Memory" appliance can be easily deployed on premise or accessed per hour via the cloud.  Customers benefit from the increased performance, at a price less than flash or in-memory solutions can provide, without any code changes. In fact, Smart Memory enables existing batch code to run on unbounded streams of data as well.  Significant customers in security, finance, oil & gas, healthcare, and entertainment have lined up to deploy Cognitive’s Smart Memory technology. 
Cutting Edge Technology for the Military
KTS designs, develops, and produces products based on the needs of our military customers.   These products range from rapid prototype proof of concept units to full-fledged production systems. KTS continues to provide leading IRCM, aircraft survivability, and digital interoperability consulting expertise. These services range from complex architecture development through a product life cycle and culminating  with data analysis.
Recharging batteries by harvesting power from walkingBionic Power's PowerWalk™ is a knee based kinetic energy harvester that enables the recharging of batteries in the field by simply walking. PowerWalk™ is currently being developed for the military markets, but there are a number of consumer and professional markets worth pursuing.  The U.S. Army and Canadian Forces are funding PowerWalk’s military development and testing. It can generate an average of 12 Watts of power, which is stored in a battery.  This power is generated with little or no extra user effort (see Science paper in Press section).  A military product will be ready for limited soldier testing this fall. We have proposals with both the U.S. Army and Canadian Forces to continue to develop the product through MILSPEC, engineering for small scale manufacturing and squad level field testing.  The first version of the professional/consumer product will be based on the military product with battery & electronics built into each gear box. Thus, we have a need for this funding.
IVTG infinitely variable transmission gearThe invention presents infinitely variable gear mechanical transmission, in which the power transmission takes place via interlocking hemispheres toothed in a logarithmic spiral way. The transmission smoothly obtains power and changes the parameters of movement – torque and angular velocity without any loss of skid of cooperating transmission components.  This transmission can change seamlessly through an infinite number of effective gear ratios between maximum and minimum values. This contrasts with other mechanical transmissions that offer a fixed number of gear ratios. The flexibility of a this gear allows the input shaft to always maintain a constant angular velocity.  The unique advantage of IVTG is that transmission smoothly obtains power and changes the parameters of movement – torque and angular velocity without any loss or skid of cooperating transmission components (thanks to interlocking hemispheres).  
Simple and affordable space missionsOpen Cosmos offers a combination of hardware, software and services that reduce technical complexity, paperwork and cost when developing satellite hosted payloads.  We provide a standardized nanosatellite (qbee) and a payload development tool (qbkit) that together with our web app (qbapp) allow ful mission development from payload conception in qbkit to in orbit control once launched in our qbee. This together with a comprehensive list of services (frequency allocation, insurance negotiation, export control, launch, GNC...) allow our customers to focus on what really adds value to their projects: their payload and the in orbit data.  Open Cosmos makes space technologies available to entrepreneurs, researchers and a broader range of organizations that will not only use them to run Earth Observation businesses, gain TRL of technologies in real space conditions, perform exploration or drive military surveillance but also to develop disruptive innovations that will shape our future.
The Age Of Acrylic
Everyone loves to talk about how the world is in trouble, each with their own pet source of calamity, climate change, ecological collapse, fossil fuels, an economic system struggling to keep growing, but no one seems to know what to do about it. We do. The technologies we've created at Global Oceanic Designs, create a platform from which to tap into the greatest underdeveloped resource on the planet, the oceans. The oceans are filled with untapped mineral wealth, have more energy moving in them at any moment than we could use in 1000 years, and provide the opportunity to feed the entire world's population, all of which can be utilized, in both an economically and ecologically, sustainable way. Global's Technologies provide for a Sustainable Living, on and within our Oceans, Rivers and Lakes. Products and systems that will create sustainable services offshore, producing jobs and opportunities in virtually every field of endeavor.
Real-time remote sensing as disruptive innovationHypersphere HS-5k system for continuous surveillance is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) (1-4 days endurance), along with ground infrastructure required to provide Remote Sensing (RS) data in real time.   HS-5k system - a disruptive innovation into UAV and RS industries:  * UAV Industry: HS-5k per-flight-hour expenses are 10-15 times lower than other unmanned systems in the same class  * RS Industry:market price for 20 cm/px image: ~$65; HS-5k production cost for 20cm/px image: $0.15.
Data to Decisions through Superior Visual Computing
VizExperts helps organisations transform data to decisions through better visual computing. We do this by developing cutting edge products in domains like 3D geospatial systems (GIS), 3D graphics and visualisation, system modelling and distributed simulation (M&S), Virtual Reality (VR) and so on. Our customers includes defence R&D labs, space research centres, museums, design and decision making centres around the globe.
A new generation of firearms for special effects production
Copenhagen Industries is a brand new and innovative technology provider for special effects, film and tv production. Follow our progress here, as we develop our hardware platform and apply groundbreaking technologies to provide safe, reliable and high-end/low-cost combat incapable, SFX only weapon systems to the global special effects and prop market -- or head to CPH.Industries to learn more!
Dynamic Connectors Solutions Improving Cable Harness ReliabilitySlip-Sphere is an electro-mechanical, ball-and-socket joint that eliminates the need for cable flex in wiring harness assemblies.   - Slip-Sphere fundamentally eliminating localised mechanical work hardening at core deformation locations and systemically increasing cable harness reliability.  - Improves the life span of each cable harness and the associated system.  - Reduces Downtime as repairs can be made locally to the damaged area and not affect the entire assembly.  - Simple construction allows the design to be scaled up or down to suit a varying number of channels and sizes.  - Slip-Sphere can be configured for a huge range of application environments and market places offering a dynamic solution for challenging wiring applications.   - Slip-Sphere removes the guesswork from cable harness service schedules and increases service life by over 300%.  Voltrics is developing a driven version of Slip Sphere that has huge potential in the robotics industry.
Commercializing a cost-competitive wave energy device Columbia's device, the Manta, is a utility-grade wave energy converter that's designed to produce electricity reliably and competitively with just a few moving parts.  Both the Dept of Energy and Navy have supported the development of the device, and the prototype has been proven in a 13 month sea trial. 
Real-time clinical decision supportThe product uses a mobile device with a near field reader (e.g., Android phone or tablet) to allow doctors and nurses to capture clinical quality data at the point of care quickly and efficiently. The data is then sent to a clinical decision support platform in the Amazon Cloud which analyzes the data in real time and provides advice and/or alerts to the clinical care staff at the bedside.  And, the CDS platform allows for reporting and analysis of the data which can then be added to the electronic healthcare record, be analyzed for population health, used for quality improvement metrics, etc.  This platform saves the clinical care staff valuable time that they would normally spend hand entering and analyzing the quality data onto paper based forms.  The near field reader ability also saves them valuable time in having to hand enter patient ID data or bar-code scanning.  The near field reader allows a provider to merely swipe their ID, the patient's ID, etc. with their phone or tablet.
Cost effective gunshot detection for the smart cities
Shot-Q Gunshot Detection System
We design instrumentation for the physics experiments of tomorrow
Our electronic and optical instruments push the boundaries of speed, accuracy, reliability, and power.
An R&D company working on a High Powered Terahertz Source, using Plasmonic resonance
Advanced Plasmonics has developed a new innovative technology based on Plasmon Resonance in nanoantennae. When these nanoantennae are activated, they resonate and produce photons of wavelengths proportional to the design of the resonant structures. Proof of concept has been shown to work in the entire visible spectrum and we are currently investigating the Far Infrared and Terahertz wavelengths.
Taser meets Otter Box
Yellow Jacket is a patent pending iPhone® 4 & 4S case housing a 650,000 volt stun gun designed for personal protection. The Yellow Jacket case also contains its own battery, which provides up to 20 additional hours of charge to the phone. Yellow Jacket was made for iPhone® 4 & 4S owners that find themselves on the go -- independent professionals on job, frequent travelers or students entering college – as a convenient, reliable and non-lethal form of self-defense.
U.S. Military Veteran Seed Accelerator
VictorySpark is a mentor-driven seed accelerator part of the Global Accelerator Network. We provide up to $20k in grants for veteran-led startups. The program is a 12-week intensive program that takes place in Milwaukee, WI. We run 3 programs per year and our calendar is available on the VETransfer.org website. Accepted startups can also participate virtually. Mentors and instructors include Steve Blank, Bob Dorf, Nick Frost, and many more!
The Gore-Tex of Head Impact ProtectionHIP-Tec's goal is to dramatically improve head protection for society & build the Gore-Tex of Head Protection. Our brand WRSI, is already one of the largest whitewater helmet brands. The World's 1st Branded Head Protection expands through its own Brands, Joint Ventures & Licensing. HIP-Tec has an aggressively expanding Portfolio of IP developed in conjunction w Johns Hopkins University. "Protected by HIP-Tec" is being positioned to be as widely recognized as Dolby Surround, Intel or Gore-Tex.  
Systems engineering tools to rigorously verify designs & requirements
QRA Corp develops software that helps engineers build incredibly sophisticated machines – think jets, spacecraft, and smart buildings. To learn more about our products, visit QRACorp.com
Real-time critical support for our deployed troopsTroopsDirect.org is the nation’s leading non-profit supplier to our units in Afghanistan and beyond.  Contrary to other organizations, TroopsDirect supplies entire units of 1000+ servicemembers in bulk.  We communicate daily with military command, filling and shipping their specific requests often within 24 hours. TroopsDirect has filled ‘orders’ totaling over 10 tons for items including critically needed nutritional, medical, hygiene & equipment supplies. Nobody does what TroopsDirect.org does.
Patented supersonic jet engine with no moving partsAVRO is launching a family of advanced engines.  The SuperSonic eXperimental Propulsion ramjet (SSXP) is one of AVRO's latest engine designs and is capable of producing static thrust with no forward velocity by using our patented air induction system. This is a major innovation in jet engine design. The patented intake transforms ramjet engines into viable propulsion systems for the 21st century. Avro's customers are the military and aerospace industries.    
BASF in the makingAir pollution is a major environmental health problem leading to increased regulations and new developments in air purification applications. Goldemar Solutions´ mission is to improve air quality and reduce increasing health effects by producing patented catalytic materials that serve to eliminate airborne pollutants.   Goldemar produces a catalyst composed of gold nanoclusters with exceptionally high catalytic activity for oxidation and reduction reactions at room temperature, higher than any other catalyst presently on the market.  Market applications revolve around the removal of very specific contaminants. Goldemar has demonstrated high catalytic activity for the removal of Carbon Monoxide (CO), Mono-Nitrogen Oxides (NO & NO2), Hydrogen Sulfide (H2S), and several Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) including Formaldehyde, Isopropyl Alcohol (IPA), and Methanol.
Safe spinal rescueResQdevices has developed a versatile & easy to use splinting & extrication device for the ambulance, military, rescue & safety sectors.  ResQdevice's iX-System will enable paramedics & first-responders to protect patient's from secondary injury & enable their safe and rapid remove from danger.   ResQdevices is supported by the Ignition Labs accelerator program at ATP Innovations, Australia’s leading technology incubator.   
The Gay Military Social NetworkOutMilitary.com - the Gay Military Network is providing a supportive environment for friending, sharing & networking between gay active-duty military, vets & supporters in a post “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell” military.   Reported on by Reuters, ABC News, Huffington Post & Sirius XM.    With over 3600 members now, the site is poised for tremendous growth as the go-to place for the estimated 1 million LGBT vets & nearly 65,000 active-duty gay servicemen & women.  
Makes firearms accessories, upgrades, and improvements
M14, AR-15, M4, M1A, M1 Garand, Flash Hiders, Sound Suppressors, Muzzle Brakes
Cyber Intelligence & Intrusion Tools
We develop dead-simple Cyber Intelligence & Intrusion tools for the good guys!
Defense/Military & Avionics PCB Manufacturer of Flex & Rigid-Flex Circuits
Rigiflex Technology Inc is the worldwide leader in fabricating high-technology Flex & Rigid-Flex circuit boards. We manufacture for high-reliability applications such as Military-Defense, Medical Devices, Missile Systems, Avionics, & Satellite Programs.
Secure, Efficient, Service Bus for IoT
Coversant’s proprietary software (an IoT Service Bus) connects disparate systems and devices, across platforms, in real-time, enabling the marriage of the Internet of Things and Big Data. Built on event-driven architecture, our SoapBox product line offers an advanced presence engine and higher levels of security via application centric networking. In its 8th generation, SoapBox is mature, stable & patented. The architecture is powered by a multi-threaded 64-bit engine that enables more than 240,000 concurrent connections and more than 60,000 messages a second on a single server.
World class wireless communications systemsTwo main product lines, both centered on Escape Communications advanced wireless signal processing intellectual property:  Gigabit-class wireless backhaul for 5G cellular systems, including world's first working 10Gbps wireless link.  Protected-mode satellite terminals for ground and airborne applications.
Trail of bits secures some of the world’s most targeted organizations and productsSince 2012, Trail of Bits has helped secure some of the world’s most targeted organizations and products. We combine high-end security research with a real-world attacker mentality to reduce risk and fortify code.  As a cybersecurity research and consulting firm, we serve clients in the defense, tech, finance, and blockchain industries. We help with their most difficult security challenges by designing and building new technology, researching new techniques to advance the state of practice, and reviewing the security of the latest available technology products before they hit the market.  Our team consumes, produces, and presents research as a natural part of doing business. When we make new discoveries or developments, we strive to share our knowledge and release our tools as open-source. It’s a practice that’s earned us industry accolades and helped contribute to our double-digit bottom line growth.
Manufacturing of Tactical Sewn GoodsWe manufacture tactical products for the military. We focus on sewn goods but also work with medical kits, man-packable solar kits, and maritime products.   malterrausa.com maddoxdefensemedical.com a3e.us neptunetactical.com
Uber for dronesSkyware is an early stage startup that builds low cost user obsessed smarter UAV systems with focus on making real world data available in real time to those in need and as many times needed.   Buy Skyware drones or collect data on demand via our partner pilots certified by the skyware wingman program.   Imagine the impact you could make in your business practices if you had access to valuable data that could aid in smarter decision making. What if you had realtime proactive information about the health of your crops, with ability to understand their stress differentiation, manage field irrigation system better and repeat surveys on your land as frequently you wanted yet not burn a hole in your pocket?   
Drop cost of wind generated electricity to $0.02/kWhiVEG combines proven technology from the auto industry to produce Direct to Grid electricity via wind driven generators.  Our magnetic variable transmission allows us to reach rated power much quicker while our KERS inspired technology allows us to maintain rated power for a longer period; thereby increasing the capacity factor of the wind turbine.  The programming of iVEG allows us to match the grid signal and go Direct to Grid with out the expensive inverters, converters and batteries.
Making the World Safer
MAKING THE WORLD SAFER. We empower organizations and people to communicate and collaborate in times of crisis.
Face.com for movement
Klassifi is a real-time human activity classification system. It works by using data from smartphone sensors to infer daily activities. This data can benefit applications in the health and healthcare, life logging, and self-improvement markets.
Talent Agency for Cleared IT Professionals
GreenBadgers is a talent agency for Defense Contractors
Enterprise Management of Drone (UAV) Programs
Juniper Unmanned provides the infrastructure for large enterprises to conduct flight with a UAV that is safe, effective, and in compliance with the law. This includes scalable flight services. We conduct flight services for Caterpillar, Trimble, Fluor, Disney, Apple, Cardno, CH2M Hill, and many others.
Mission-Critical Cyber SecurityVS2's  Exploit Resilient Architecture (xRA) leverages principles of fault tolerant computing advanced data packet encryption to achieve an order of magnitude improvement in cyber exploit detection/elimination for mission critical applications. (i.e. non-stop and/or life critical)  Markets include the intelligence community (IC) , aerospace/defense (A&D) , automotive,  oil and gas, public utilities, pharma, healthcare and financial institutions among others. A DARPA manager has tagged xRA as "revolutionary." Evaluations of our beta release are currently underway with IC, A&D and automotive prospects. 
Innovative data collection and analysis solutions
We are developing hardware-based intelligence collection devices for covert use in the intelligence/SOCOM arena. Eventually we hope to make restricted versions for law enforcement that will be locked to only provide functionality the agency's legal team agrees is within the boundaries the department is subject to.
Smart BatteryNowadays sustainability and renewable energy is becoming a very important trend, also for common people that wants to be more sustainable and eco-friendly. So it emerge a need for people to know their own impact on the ecosystem and to have at the same time a way to be actively sustainable, creating energy from renewable sources for their own personal usage, such as smartphones, tablets and smartwatches. Another trend is in fact the use of power-bank, portable batteries useful as power backup for the highly technological and connected everyday life of most of the people.   “SmartBE” has been invented to fulfill these very related needs of today users, in a elegant and modular design that delivers solar/wind/kinetic way of recharge and is coupled with an APP for smartphone that tracks the energy created and consumed in terms of fuel, related to the user trips, and with other add-ons, it can also tracks the energy consumption of your personal devices, water consumption.
Augmented reality solutions for different range of use
WMX is specialized in deploying customized interactive screens, hologram displays and all kind of innovation in order to offer to its client’s satisfaction and loyalty and withering realism. WMX is a combination between innovation and Disruptive technology to help media, large commercial enterprises, property developers, advertising companies, events and shows… to maximize their audience, originality and realism. WMX could be useful even in health practice, military and entertainment
UAV Robotic Area Defense SystemScorpions save lives and protect high value assets (e.g. ammo storage, forward re-supply, observation posts, borders etc.) in combat contested areas at a greatly reduced defense cost.  Scorpions are a smart force multiplier.  Target Market: The US government and all other military branches of governments allied with the USA. 
Military digital media networkDuffel Media is a new digital media network for young military veterans and national security watchers centered around four key verticals: news, video, gaming, and humor.  The network is a place for underserved military readers to learn about important topics while providing a crucial niche market for universities, brands, and companies to reach and advertise to.  We already have deep penetration into the space, with a humor website called DuffelBlog.com. Often referred to as "The military version of The Onion," Duffel Blog boasts more than 1 million unique visitors and 3-5 million+ pageviews per month.
Data In Context. Driving InsightsnContext offers business services, data-driven solutions and consulting engagements. All designed to optimize organizational performance.     
Lifting the fog of warWhat turns a minor skirmish into a major war? How does a natural disaster become a humanitarian crisis?   Often, its poor decision-making caused by incomplete or inaccurate information that causes miscalculations, missed opportunities, and accidental escalations. That lack of knowledge and the uncertainty it causes is called "the fog of war."  Raven Black's platform combines scalable data infrastructure, machine learning, and visualization tools to connect hundreds of data sources from throughout the Department of Defense into a single, accurate picture. Its purpose is to lift the fog.  Raven Black has raised $4.5M from top tier VCs, including Accel, and has generated over $3.9M in revenue.
Arralis has developed world-leading expertise in radio frequency, micro and millimetre-wave technology.   Our products, which are the ultimate in precision and innovation, are used in both global and space environments where accuracy and reliability are critical. We also create partnerships with other leading technology providers to build bespoke high performance, cutting-edge solutions. We provide added value through advanced, research and innovation aligning our solutions with our client’s strategic objectives.   From MMIC & Modules to Systems and Capability, Arralis provide the Invisible Edge to some of the world’s largest aerospace and security companies.
Personal Defense DroneFury Defense Robotics is creating the world’s first self-defense drone.   The Fury Drone is small and portable. If attacked, a person simply tosses Fury into the air. The drone unfolds and hovers out of reach. Fury immediately flashes a stunning light, sounds a siren, takes photos and calls 911, and, if needs be, sprays the attacker with repellent.    Fury differentiates in the market by being the fastest to deploy, easiest and safest to use and most effective defense product available. It is the only product to provide the ability to summon help, collect information and counterattack, all in one product. The initial targeted customers are women that prefer a non-lethal, safe and effective form of protection.   Fury was designed by Chris Peake and Dan Berry utilizing over 47 years of robotic and aerospace design experience. Mr. Peake was an initial co-founder of three successful robotics and software firms.  The Fury Drone is due for launch by the end of January, 2016.  
IP networking and applications for tactical radio communication
DRS – Dynamic Relay System, designed to ensure and maintain continuous communication under any known situation in the battlefield; during a maneuver, during street fighting, inside building or even underground fighting. The DRS technology dramatically enhances the legacy radio units, and brings a variety of innovative and enhanced features to the fighting units.
Equity Crowdfunding Investment Platform for the Defense IndustryDefense Funder  Inc. owns and operates the DefenseFunder.com crowdfunding portal that brings entrepreneurs and investors together to invest in the future of the defense & security industry. The DefenseFunder.com portal charges a monthly listing fee and service fees based on funds raised (5%-10%) depending on the size and scope of the project. Defense Funder aims to become the leading Crowdfunding Portal (CFP) for the defense & security industry – funding projects ranging from $50,000 to $50,000,000. The goal is to develop the DefenseFunder.com website into a useful and profitable crowdfunding platform for the defense & security industries. Unlike traditional crowdfunding business models, Defense Funder  Inc. is pooling small investments together and giving investors equity ownership interest in defense & security ventures.
Nexgen cyber security product & support 1.Gprotect Pro - A comprehensive premium virus protection software against all types of virus, malware, worms, Trojans, spyware, including defense from keyloggers, phishing scams, email-borne threats and rootkits and more.  2.Gprotect Speedup PC - A PC optimizer to make your PC run faster. It helps to automatically locates and repairs problems that can slow down your PC.  3.GHacker Wall - a firewall to prevent all Web Threats  Hacker Wall keeps your networked computers shielded from intended unsympathetic disturbance. Just keep your PC safe and sound from viruses and Hackers. It has easy to navigate interface.  4. Gcloud - Trustworthy, Wide-Ranging and Secure Ways to Back up the Crucial DataGprotect Online Backup is the absolute protection tool for all home base computer users and information-driven enterprise.  5. Gtech Support - At Gprotect, we provide premium tech help desk support  for consumer & SMB segment.
Visualize, Quantify and Optimize the flows of your facility and keep the jobs localAMIA Systems is a spin-off based in Belgium from the "Université Libre de Bruxelles" led by Ms Emmanuelle Vin  We help plant managers to Visualize, Quantify and Optimize their facility layout such as their maintenance site or production plant using SIMOGGA.  AMIA Systems works for industries such as transportation, maritime, automotive, aerospace and defense: i.e. DAF Trucks (Automotive), Twin Disc (Machinery), TD Williamson (Oil & Energy), SNCB/NMBS (transportation), Sonaca (Aviation & Aerospace), NLMK (Mining & Metals), Tale Me (Textiles)  Our past results include 40% decrease flows within the production unit  * Download SIMOGGA: amia-systems.com/download-simogga.html * Understand SIMOGGA : amia-systems.com/videos.html * Read our case studies: amia-systems.com/the-publications.html  Keys to success of our projects:  * 2D factory layout everyone can understand * Need few amount of data to perform the analysis  
Satellite Propulsion Systems and Orbital Launch Vehicles
Bellatrix Aerospace offers you affordable access to Space. With dedicated Launch Vehicles for Nano-Satellites and In-Space Propulsion Systems to boost the lifetime in orbit, Space has never been more accessible.
Artificial Intelligence solutions for the Retail and Security Industry
Use advanced Video Analytics and technologies like human activity recognition and automated visual monitoring to protect physical establishments and sensitive areas.
Satellite enabled asset & threat geolocation
TBD
High Performance, Environmentally Clean Solid Rocket PropellantTraditional solid rocket fuel used in missiles and space launch vehicles has two primary problems: (1) it burns inefficiently, resulting in up to a 10% fuel loss during combustion that prevents the rocket from realizing its full range and payload capacity, and (2) it emits highly toxic hydrochloric acid (“HCl”) that is destructive to the environment and corrodes launch equipment, resulting in substantial maintenance and environmental remediation costs.   Adranos has solved these two problems by developing a new rocket fuel formulation called ALITEC that maximizes fuel efficiency and virtually eliminates HCl production. At a 45% lower cost, ALITEC will allow space launch vehicles, satellites, and ballistic missiles up to a 68% extended range, a 65% increased payload capacity (i.e., up to a 33 second increase in delivered specific impulse based on one metric ton of propellant), and a 99% reduction in HCl. Adranos developed ALITEC at Purdue University’s Maurice J. Zucrow Laboratories.
Unique intelligence operations services for private clients
Jellyfish Intel is an innovative, private sector initiative designed by a team of former military and intelligence operatives, chief executives and corporate strategists offering private intelligence services to executives of multinational corporations and governments. Amid increasing global geopolitical tensions and complex foreign policy decisions around the world, Jellyfish offers unique services in various intelligence disciplines including OSINT, HUMINT, SIGINT and Wargaming Strategies.
Revolutionary new analog to digital convertersThe Company is developing a next generation electronics technology based on  micron scale electron guns built with standard MEMS techniques.  The analog to digital converters (ADCs) and THz capable RF components based on this technology offer orders of magnitude improvements to electronics for key analog and RF markets.    Also developing a line of deep submicron CMOS ADCs for the US Air Force for use in commercial and military satellites and advanced wireless and photonic data communications.  
Industrial Holographic Remote Support & Training
RemoteSpark is a cloud-based communication layer for the Microsoft HoloLens that helps support industrial remote task support and training. A worker wearing the HoloLens can connect to a remote expert's desk computer to get video and holographic support for completing complex tasks. RemoteSpark also facilitates the use of holographic 3D simulation and training.
Novel Metamaterial Antenna for Flat Sat Broadband
Icarus Metamaterials provides the latest technology to revolutionize the performance of internet communications of trains, planes, automobiles and satellites. We aim to improve broadband signal from under-performing routers using our antennas and across other applications such as in remote areas with the use of our antenna techniques. This could include a line of broadband repeaters and improved industrial strength broadband routers for industrial applications.
Enterprise Drone Swarm Operating System over network
DROne Swarm NAvigation System (DROSNAS) - a cloud based Drone Swarm Navigation System, that allows large civilian and military organizations to fly multiple drones over a network without a single manual pilot. The system uses an autopilot module, which can be plugged in on any drone to control and flown using cloud based navigation system. Some features to name:-  Pilot-less flying  Automated Flight monitoring, equipped with Failsafe systems  Flight monitoring & supervision by the server and user  Dual Autopilot system which ensures fight stability & navigation  Integration with Google Maps  Ability to handle multiple handle drone flights at the same time  Equipped with D-TCAS, drone monitoring tool  Open to integration
AI designed for IoT applications
End to end IoT AI stack, data to low power neural net inference via an integrated platform
Unmanned Ground Vehicle Saving LivesABOUT URS:   The URS Labs SXM Series is both a manned and semi-autonomous unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) which is proven rugged and reliable by operators globally.   URS Labs SXM is built with open source robotics and AI to maximize flexibility to governments and government approved third parties humanitarian and combat applications worldwide.   WHY URS:   URS is a military force multiplier. Heavy loads slow land forces and exhaust them with approach march loads exceeding 1000* pounds, dismounted infantry move slowly and are exhausted when they arrive.   URS can carry the soldiers’ load, provide heavy repower, conduct combat breaching, and clear routes that save money versus more expensive manned vehicles and human lives. URS can bring relief to communities displaced in dangerous war zones while keeping relief workers a safe distance away.  URS SXM SERIES:   The URS Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) is the most cutting edge land system for that offers both manned and unmanned capabilities. 
<Watch this space>
<watch this space>
Simplest, stablest, fastest VTOL aircraftVTOL aircraft with what I believe unprecedented simplicity, stability, gust resistance and forward speed - superior to helicopters in all these respects and more. The novel control technology is scalable; UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) versions can carry cameras and sensors swiftly to target then hover motionless in spite of winds. And, again unlike helicopters, in very tight spaces.  Customers/Markets are: Defense, Police, Utilities, Aerial Photography, Hobby, Toy.    
We Secure Data Streams to Protect Intellectual Property, Communications, & Sensitive DataAt LoctDown, we understand that in today's interconnected world enterprises heavily depend on the security of data streams to sustain profitability and ensure competitive advantage. 
 
 LoctDown's premier software, enVisible, protects enterprise's Intellectual Property, Financial Data, Sensitive Information, and Communications.
 
 With enVisible, secure your data streams and take charge of your enterprise's information, protecting your Intellectual Property, Financial Data, Sensitive Information, and Communications. enVisible also provides a digital cloak where the assurance of security and privacy is absolute. 
 
 While Using enVisible :
 - You are impervious to hacking / tracking tools
 - IP addresses and IP traffic can't be captured or logged by any ISP or cellular provider
 - Your IP address is CHANGED not masked or hidden
 - NSA Suite B Encryption
 - Logically Locked Browsing
 - Encrypted Backup of Data
Your source for R&D servicesAn R&D services directory targeted at the electronics technology industry. Site has over 150 R&D services vendors providing design, consulting, testing and manufacturing services. 
 
 Widely used by R&D Managers to quickly find qualified R&D services partners. 
space weather information solutions
Space weather information solutions addressing a multitrillion dollar, multibillion lives, risk event.
10-20x Faster CFD Simulations
3 Mechanical engineers developed a Computational Fluid Dynamics solver that speeds up runs by 10-20 times. We have licensed users, and are just launching our SaaS platform. Founded 6 years ago, one founder worked for worlds largest CFD company. We have revenue with big name clients, and are looking to scale.
Bringing the dream of Powered Exoskeletons to lifeExoskeleton for military, construction and search and rescue markets.  Amplifies user's strength by 5-10x, speed and dexterity will match the user's own abilities with computer assisted balance.  Follow on markets for downgraded version would be elderly and disabled.
Imaging and Sensor Systems for Defence, Homeland Security and Complex Environments
Battlefield modernization technologies, Immersive surveillance and strategic electronics for military applications. Tactical Sights, Land-Marine-Aerial Surveillance and Reconnaissance Systems, Fire Control and Drive Vision Systems
New thinking from the beginning
Product information is not currently available.
Like eBay, but just for militaria and war stuffWARSTUFF is a bit like eBay, but only for war stuff, militaria and military antiques. WARSTUFF connects militaria collectors and dealers in the fastest growing marketplace just for war and military memorabilia.  Unlike eBay which bans the sale of some of the military items collectors are interested in, WARSTUFF has usage policies to suit all of the niche. All types of antique deactivated weapons, WW2 items, collectable blades and inert ordinance can be bought and sold, as well as the usual uniforms, medals, helmets and other interesting military items that generalist sites permit.  The company also provides a militaria valuations service via WARSTUFF Valued which for a fee helps customers value their militaria through a written appraisal of their item by an expert. This is based on a description and photos of the items the customer supplies.
Radically different pothole repair technologCombining the latest advances in material science and nanotechnology with an automated all-weather robotic delivery system that utilizes machine vision algorithms, our pothole repair solution is 2 to 20 times faster than conventional methods - permanently sealing a pothole in less than 5 minutes.  AsphaltPro™ - The benefits of world's first plastic-based pothole sealant:  •	All Repair Types - Potholes, alligator cracks, sunken manholes, etc. •	Permanent Repair - Durable with better adherence to asphalt than asphalt itself. •	Eco-friendly - Activated by recycled matter (ash, cement, etc.) to reduce global waste. •	All-weather Operation - Exothermic requires no preheating and capable of repairing even during rain and extreme weather. •	Extremely Cost Effective - Permanent pothole repair solution capable of 365/24/7 automated delivery with only a single driver - saving millions in road repair costs, damage to vehicles and lawsuits.
developing of innovative technologies, robotics, artificial intelligence
We offer the idea of creation an implantable living nervous tissue, previously grown together with electrodes. With all this going on, in an organism of a patient living neurons previously grown together with lifeless "flesh" of electrodes are implanted, not electrodes, which adoption is a problem. This system can be applied for rehabilitation of victims after an extremity avulsion, replacement of functionless joints. It is multipurpose, and can be in use for different aims.
The Flying Saucer Experience TMWe are introducing the Hover Airlift and Logistics Operation Vehicle ( HALOGx TM) to the world. The HALOGx is a multipurpose true all-terrain vehicle which uses advanced rotary engine technology for manned or autonomous Vertical Takeoff and Landing (VTOL) flights from land, sea, snow and air for entertainment, search and rescue, and personal use.  krqe.com/dpp/news/pushing-for-saucer-rides-at-spaceport spacesciencescorp.com moonandback.com  
Materials and Engineering innovation
Synbiosys has a number of ongoing projects. The most fundamental of these is a new type of bullet-proof glass (bbc.co.uk/programmes/b0bqjrpt) which will massively increase the protection per weight of bullet-proof windows. Other projects include novel anti-vehicle traps and rapidly deployable protective shelters (thetimes.co.uk/article/origami-inspires-pop-up-shelter-for-battle-zones-nwwxf…).
Electric and Hybrid vehicles
Founded in late 2013, the company has emerged as a leading provider of electrical and electronic engineering services. We work closely with our clients, engineer to engineer, to ensure that the right problem is solved. IN-RDVS is also a leading provider of innovative electrical and electronic components that optimise the performance of vehicle systems. Built on our proven state-of-the-art technology platforms, our components are designed and configured to meet the requirements of specific architectures, covering many elements of different vehicle systems. We work across almost all vehicle types ranging from 2 wheelers to supercars and heavy vehicles including those used for military applications, and most things in between. The key technology areas we operate in are EV, PHEV, hybrid and fuel cell vehicles. Our teams have expertise across a very wide range of electronic systems, such as battery electronics, high voltage power systems, body electronics, off-board and test systems.
Reinventing Primary WoundcareAxio (axiobio.com) is an ISO 13485 certified Medical device Designer and Manufacturer Company focused on Advanced Wound Management.  Axio has the distinction to be the first company in India to design, develop and commercialize an Emergency Haemostat for Trauma care. Vision of Axio is to develop affordable, high impact medical products that can solve unmet healthcare needs of emerging markets. Controlling life threatening bleeding continues to be the major cause of death from traumatic injuries. Axiostat is its flagship product developed to reduce the mortality due to traumatic bleeding. 
Smart Tethered Drone Systems for Surveillance and Communications
Elistair designs and manufactures tethered solutions for the civilian drone market, bringing unlimited autonomy and high-speed data transfer to drone companies.  Our mission is to bring efficiency and productivity to the UAV market.
Phonon Ionization Thermoacoustic Transduction Pump
Biotic Technology™ mimics an ecological process discovered by the inventor, Neil Manspeizer. The idea is to trigger a process, known as Transgression-Tensility™, within the Global Electrical Circuit (GEC). This is accomplished using a technological device that transduces a thermoacoustic quasi-particle (phonon) through ionization. This device can be used to produce electricity from the endothermic process which would be popular in many consumer markets. Currently, the device has passed the proof of concept stage and a prototype is planned. Additionally, because the device operates along the thermoacoustic range within the GEC, it can be used for chemical-free geoengineering to reverse climate change. This makes the device very popular in governmental markets while the Geographic Intelligence (GEOINT) potential is popular to military markets. With regard to GEOINT, Biotic Technology™ is used in the War on Terror at the boundary of quantum acoustic fields to research mental maps.
Adaptive Firearm Training Technology Our first product is the ATLaS-08, a rechargeable, wireless enabled reactive laser target used for firearms training. The ATLaS-08 is dust proof, water resistant, and is the only laser trainer capable of being used indoors or out. All ATLaS units can also be powered through wall adapters, solar, or external batteries to accommodate mission requirements. Whereas competitive products only work with red lasers, the ATLaS system can sense and respond to lasers of any color as well as other visible light sources such as flashlights. Trainers can be operated / configured from the onboard interface, or through our mobile/desktop software for both control and metrics gathering. Our metrics gathering backend system will generate reoccurring revenue through officer and department subscriptions giving police departments the ability to track and tailor trainings for individual / team needs.  
IOT Product Design, VxWorks-Linux RTOS Master, Hardware Design
Mighty is the first and only device that takes your streaming music, like Spotify, on-the-go without being connected to a smartphone. Lightweight, durable, and small enough to clip-on to any piece of clothing, it's the perfect companion for your active & unplugged life. Mighty comes equipped with Bluetooth and WiFi, is compatible with iPhones and Androids, works with wired and bluetooth headphones, and can play 48 hours of music without any internet connection. All for under $89. Mighty was born from personal frustration with the current on-the-go music experience. Today, every option to stream music while exercising requires a bulky, fragile smartphone. And phones are only getting larger, more fragile, more expensive, and more battery hungry. We built a simple product for that provides users with a comfortable and seamless music+fitness experience, all without a phone.The first version of Mighty will aim to integrate with Spotify & other streaming music services in the near future.
Be prepared to recover quickly - security from climate changeThe extreme climate changes of the last ten years, have resulted in more than $200 billion in business losses each year and millions of injured or dead, during the last decade.   In Davos, Switzerland, in February, President of the World Bank, called on corporate leaders to take action: "Every company, investor and bank that screens new and existing investments for climate risk is simply being pragmatic."   BeeGo's global command center is your source for leadership and guidance to maintain continuity during a natural disaster without disruption. We are a premier information and analytics center that uses advanced technologies to monitor the environment, your industry, your companies, your organizations and your region. We predict outcomes that may adversely affect your operations and capabilities and then we provide you with viable solutions for valuable decision-making based on data science and analytics. Continue to do business as you meant to, even during climate change effects. 
first mobile intensive care unit
ACHROS HealthTech is developing the first mobile intensive care unit (ICU) that is not only for transporting critically ill people between ICUs but a sealed and controlled atmosphere for critically ill patients where they can be fit with their bed in the case of hospital beds crises, social crises and disasters and even for space missions.
Spectrum Scanning From OrbitSkyeSense allows the collection of data from signals across a huge spectrum - up to 10 GHz. We can quickly switch frequencies and collect data from many kinds of transmitters on the land, on the sea, or in the air - and do this in many industries. We can back-haul the data we collect, process it, and deliver it to the customer. It doesn't matter what frequency they use, or even if the signal were meant to be collected from space.  We can also scan specific spectrum to create a radio frequency picture of the Earth. This is useful for creating a unique radio frequency fingerprint of certain areas of the world, or even specific targets - such as an illegal fishing operations, or identification of signal interference.  We have confirmed we can do this because we already have operational hardware on the International Space Station.
Eliminate Data Exposure / Computer TheftCicada Security Technology Inc. (CST), the developer of 'The Cicada' the first commercially available security technology platform to provide active protection for authenticated and active devices (computing, intelligent mobile device, and tablet) against attempted theft, tamper and the unauthorized exposure of confidential data. CST has also developed 'EO' a process which enables the delivery of a centrally managed service to provide an in-host of purge legacy data from storage hardware in EOL computing devices. 
 
 The Cicada technology enables CISO's to extend the physical security perimeter to include the telecommuter, and has appeal to Government and Enterprise clients. The Cicada can also be integrated with existing end-point security platforms to enable visibility to physical threat. 
 
 Cicada EO enables government, healthcare, financial and enterprise clients the ability to use a government developed data purge standard without removing the storage device from the host.

Rapid response to cyber crises and low cost Security Operations Centres
Security Operations Centers, Penetration Testing, Counter Surveillance, Counter espionage
Product Development CompanyWe help our clients convert napkin sketch ideas into realities. We do this by providing a team of experts focused on the client’s vision; helping to reduce costs, avoid mistakes and provide a proven process for successful product development and launch.  We provide highly specialized engineering capabilities related to product development for: industrial design, research, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, application/embedded level software development and rapid product prototyping. We are involved with a very fast growing and rapid paced market. Team Design provides a capability that will never go obsolete – people will never stop creating new products and coming up with great ideas.   We also use our client partnerships, access to great ideas and people in order to collaborate on new products for development and internal investment.    Our value proposition is simple, if you need a product developed, we are better, faster and more experienced than any alternative. 
Federal Focused Software Engineer Value InnovatorsAs a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with extensive expertise in:  Agile Development, including Test Driven Development (TDD), Agile Modeling and eXtreme Programming  Mobile Application Development, including the use of Marjau Mobile Synchronization Framework to speed the co-design and co-development of Integrated Mobile/Server Systems  Decision Support Systems, including Clinical Decision Support Systems (CDSS)  Systems Design and Integration, including Healthcare Integration Engines (HIE)  Database Design and Implementation  Open Source Software and Frameworks
Duke develops robotic stabilization systems
Duke develops robotic stabilization systems
High Growth Aerospace Service Provider
Turnkey services of platform mission modifications for Land, Sea, and Air Platforms. Specialist Prime contractor, project management, and system integration. Specialist of Situational Awareness, Network Centricity, and Air Defence. Cradle to grave project execution.
Innovative Hoisting Systems for Rescue Helicopters25 degrees. That is the difference between life or death. 11 years ago, the President of Vita Inclinata was on a search & rescue mission when a friend & colleague fell to the ground due to a heart attack. The rescue helicopter called to help his friend was forced to leave after they were unable to lower a rescue basket because of the basket’s uncontrolled pendulum swing. This swinging can vary as much as 25 degrees from vertical depending on wind & the helicopter itself. There are currently 19,000 military helicopters around the world which face the potential of deadly chaotic pendulum swing of the rescue basket. Working together, patent pending drone technology combined with a proprietary control algorithms counteract the swaying motion of the cable & basket. Vita's product decreases the swing of the basket 2500% to complete vertical.  
The most advanced wearable safety lights on the market
Guardian Angel™ (Archangel Device, LLC) wearable safety lights are designed with a core belief that personal lighting technology will make the world a safer place. Our mission is, and always will be, to save lives by developing the most advanced, high-tech wearable safety lights on the market. Our devices are rugged enough to protect the lives of law enforcement and first responders in the field, yet practical and versatile enough to be a must-have tool on any construction site or outdoor adventure.
TurboTax for Military/Commercial Product Support Financials
Hypatia is the productization of the mind of the world's most renowned subject matter expert on remanufacturing and product support financial analytics. With a nearly 40 year career in the field, hundreds of published articles and current/past clients such as GE, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, FLIR, Northop Grumman, and many more, this is a start up within the highly successful niche consulting firm, Giuntini & Company, Inc. Hypatia is a scenario-based Product Support/Aftermarket financial analytics software tool. It has been developed and validated over 35+ years with some of the world's largest defense and commercial capital equipment enterprises and delivers an unparalleled drill-down into the deepest levels of Product Support/Aftermarket lifecycle financials. The project is currently several years into transition from an Excel workbook into a SQL database - we're looking to accelerate the programming and final application development process in order to meet customer demand.
Geospatial Interoperable Service Oriented Architecture Products
Red Spider Suite (became Intergraph Apollo sold by Hexagon Geospatial)
Full service IT and network technology services for your businessWe build simple, resilient, and scalable IT infrastructure and solutions.  We are an industry leader in tactical network design, integration, testing, deployment, and support for the Department of Defense Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Combat and Intelligence (C5I) systems.  We solve challenges for enterprise, data center, and Department of Defense Denied-Disconnected Intermittent Limited environments.
We seal your deal...literallyThe Seal Genie™ is the worlds most advanced garden hose washer ever created and the last one you will ever need… period! Made in U.S.A.  U.S. & Worldwide patents pending 	Quite possibly the world’s ONLY patented washer solution. 	Perfect example of Form & Function. 	Easy to use, understand 	NO moving parts! Nothing to break!  Timing     	‘Green’ type of product with service life of years and years- not throw away.      	Can be made both in the U.S.A *and* abroad      	Offers substantial value at a low price, esp for a lifetime use product.   Multiple/overlapping markets 	Each market segment advertises for, or strengthens the others 	Lawn / Garden / Home all interconnected 	NO other product can match/beat it, period!		  Ready to roll     	Product design, testing, majority of patent work completed.      	Major mfgs. already sourced and located in the U.S.A. 	Seasonal cycle for first market segment is optimal NOW.
Recovering specialty products for electronics and aerospace manufacturing worldwideOur product is mid & high grade copper powder consumed within electronics manufacturing and aerospace.  Depending on the grade of product, its' end use application can be any thermal or conductive applications such as capacitors, microwave chips, printed circuit boards, conductive ink, conductive paste, conductive paint, etc..  * 3 million USD of product in-hand i.e. collateral  Electrolytic Copper Powder: High Grade * 800 million of material under contract and ready for sale * Over 1 billion of product in reserve  Copper Metal Powder: Medium Grade * 9.5 metric tons of inventory * Contracted with manufacturer as agent producing 2 metric tons per month  Soft Contracts: * 10 metric tons per year - Copper Metal Powder * 272 Kilograms @ $1500 per gram - Electrolytic Copper Powder * Multiple contracts and samples being drafted now  Team: * Material Scientist * Metallurgical Engineer * Corporate Executive  Additional - Shopping Cart Website: coppermetalpowder.com - under construction
Ride sharing service to space
The Quberider service gives businesses, research institutions, developers and students the opportunity to validate their hardware and software space technology. Validation of space technology is important because developers and users only utilise products that have a proven "flight heritage", without the proof of space worthiness the technologies you develop are worthless. Quberider offers a cheap, easy and fast solution to the problem of space technology validation by flying multiple customer experiments aboard the one spacecraft in order to reduce the cost of the entire space mission for each user. It removes all of the traditional headaches and problems of sending your stuff into space by taking care of all of it for you and giving you what you want, tested, vetted space experiments and the data that goes along with it.
Liquid Metal 3D Printing
The Mk1 Experimental represents a revolutionary advance in 3D printing — bringing to life new possibilities for metal additive manufacturing. Centered on our patent pending MagnetoJet technology, the Mk1 propels liquefied metal from a 1200°C chamber encased in an electromagnetic field through print nozzles similar to an inkjet printer – allowing full control of the Earth’s most abundant metal, Aluminum. It’s reliance on wire feedstock rather than powders allows the Mk1 to offer significantly reduced operating expenses and dramatically reduced time for near net shape parts.
Due Diligence & Development for Defense (USA)
Victory Six provides investors with market intelligence, technology vetting and business development for companies in the security and national defense sectors.
Autonomous Drone Airbase - No Human Involvement at AllProduct Brief Description: Autonomous Drone Airbase allows the agencies to setup portable surveillance airbase.  It do not require any human involvement once installation is done. Multiple drones will fly and communicate with each other in order to complete the mission.  Drone will charge themselves up once the flight time is over. Airbase will operate day and night and drones will synchronize their flight time in a way that at-lest few drones from the team remains in the sky all the time.  The Product comes with many other features.   I have invested half of the total investment and looking for the other half in order to complete the project as soon as possible.   Best Regards Priyanshu Joshi +971-566072812 , DUABI(UAE) Priyanshujoshi1991@gmail.com BTech: Computer Science Engineering MTech: Computer Science Engineering MBA: International Business(US)
Software Development for Sports, Healthcare, and MilitaryGPS-Sports, Inc. is a software development company. We have developed and will market a system that will revolutionize the entire sporting, military, and commercial consumer Industries in the receiving, tracking, and analyzing of personal data in real time. GPS-Sports technology will change our hospital stays, doctor’s visits, and how we watch and experience sporting events.
 
 The Products:
 
 First Alert Sports Tracker: The FAST product line is a series of technological tools that will aid sports and medical professionals in monitoring the health and performance of athletes. 
 
 Tactical Health and Operations Review (THOR): The THOR system will combine a number of computing and communications practices to create a system that comprehensively calculates an individual’s effectiveness.  
 
 Tactical Health System (THS): THS focuses on detecting and identifying the unknown conditions in the bodies of high-risk groups such as individuals with heart disease, diabetes, and obesity. 
 

Super Computer on a chip for streaming data into intellegence without a data center
Super Computer Chip
Location-based News
SigActs built the Internet's premier location-based news API, and has extensive experience making geospatial data accessible and actionable.
Enabling Operational Excellence using Industrial Internet of Things Technology
Industrial Internet of Things (IoT) technologies and consulting for advanced manufacturing, connected machines, smart grid, microgrid and industrial facilities and energy management.
A new dawn for safety paradigms in A&D industry
Sia Aerospace is a company founded in 2012 as a university spin-off at Polytechnic of Milan, of Aerospace Science and Technology Department. The company designs, manufactures, and sells an innovative line of products for the market of rotary-wing aircraft, which ensure higher chances of survival to the flight-crew in an emergency landing. Using its own technology, cutting-edge in crashworthiness field and exploiting advanced design with easy integration feature, the proposal products line is suitable to the helicopters of today and tomorrow. Sia Aerospace uses advanced materials environmentally friendly and modern production methods, in accordance with high quality standards. The company has also strong relationships with research centers in Europe, and trade associations of A&D manufacturing sector.
Market Research reports Product --- Market Research reports 
 
   what it does ---- it helps in identifying key markets and their analysis 
 
  Customer ---- who is intrested in buying market research reports
Tech Developer for Space MiningProspect Dynamics is developing technology for space mining and related applications that will fill capability gaps in our customer’s current architectures and plans.   Within the industry, there is a surge of commercial development poised to displace the historical government-led approach to aerospace. Companies are addressing the challenges of lowering cost-to-orbit, making tourists astronauts, and are looking toward the inevitable mining of resources. We are developing the equipment necessary to enable that step forward.  Specific gaps in the industry’s capability to mine in space represent challenges outside the focus of the mainstream and are opportunities for a new entrant. We intend to capitalize by adapting off-the-shelf technologies in novel ways for leverage into this emerging market. The products we are developing will be key technologies in support of NASA’s proposed asteroid capture mission and the asteroid prospecting goals of private companies.
Lunar Energy for a Sustainable FutureProviding baseload 100% green renewable energy with patent
 pending technology.  Utility scale operations are more affordable than solar or wind, and cost competitive with nuclear.  
Lower-cost alternative to EMI Shielding Coatings
Grapheno is a compound of graphene and paint that functions as a conductive coating. Grapheno offers protection to sensitive electronics by absorbing unnecessary and harmful electromagnetic interferences (EMI). Electromagnetic interferences, whether man-made or natural, can cause damage to electronics, resulting in loss of data and interruption of the vital means of communication. The latest electronic products are protected by various methods, one of them being conductive coatings. The products that are currently used are expensive since they are based on precious metals like nickel, copper, and silver. On the other hand, Grapheno LLC provides a low-cost alternative by using graphene mass produced via a proprietary technology.
Security for the IoT
We're building security tools for the IoT. We split applications up into components and compartmentalise them to protect each part of the application from exploits.
Unmanned Systems and VehiclesModular control systems for unmanned vehicles successfully integrated and trialled in tracked and wheeled platforms from 20kg to 3500kg.  Design and build of tracked robotic platforms including IBEX, a 250kg tracked platform currently being used for autonomous agricultural trials (autonomous navigation, image recognition of weeds and subsequent precision spraying).  Consulting in unmanned vehicle operation and system design.
Advanced/Innovative Autonomous Underwater Vehicles - Military/Commercial AUVsHydroid is a field-proven technology leader in advanced marine robotics > Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs). We design and manufacture state-of-the-art solutions for use in a number of industry applications including marine research, commercial and defense.  Located in Pocasset, MA, Hydroid is a subsidiary of Kongsberg Maritime, the world’s most trusted manufacturer of advanced Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs). The REMUS, HUGIN and Seaglider AUVs provide innovative and reliable full-picture solutions.   Our AUVs have been involved with undersea mine countermeasures that have helped save lives by eliminating human divers from mine fields and have helped solve plane and ship disaster mysteries, including locating Air France Flight 447 wreckage and generating 3D mapping of the Titanic. Our vehicles offer scientists a new view on pressing global issues including climate change, the world’s declining fish population and environmental disasters.
Ultra-High-Bandwidth Drone TethersWe optimize the unlimited power an persistence on a tethered drone by offering a patent-pending ultra-high-bandwidth tether to move nearly unlimited amounts of data. We take what is almost useful (an industrial drone) and turn it into a powerful tool that actually makes a disruptive difference.This makes it possible to put a massively powerful sensor suite on a drone, fly it for weeks, and maximize cloud capacity to analyze a much bigger data set collected from the drone's vantage point. It also means we can put an ad hoc cell tower on a drone and serve thousands of people, vice current offerings that serve 100. Power line inspection on the move, mobile command posts with 400 ft faux towers, temporary cell towers that pack up in a trunk, and ad hoc WiFi or LTE service for 1000s of users anywhere people need it...   We are experts in RF engineering, Digital Signal Processing, Signals Analysis, Antenna Design, and Aerospace.
Highly vibration resistant fasteners that are fully reversible and reusableWe were a winner in the 2019 NASA iTech Cycle I competition and in a 2019 Shell Oil corporate challenge. Our fasteners are space certified by the engineers at NASA Marshall Space Flight Center. We are establishing new National Aerospace Standards with sponsorship from Bell Helicopter and Boeing Helicopter.  We are the premier leader of vibration resistant technology in the fastener industry. Our technology provides for the first permanently locking fastener that is reversible and reusable with standard tooling. Features of our technology allow for a very accurate pre-load (clamping force) determination, as well as a marked reduction in the time and cost of maintenance. In vibration testing our fasteners survived 300,000 cycles, which is 10x the aerospace requirement for a self-locking nut.  Enduralock's fasteners have survived 300,000 cycles of vibration, 10X the aerospace industry requirement.
Artificial Intelligence Planning Solutions
Software as a service for project planning. Project Cracker's software creates done-for-you Schedule Reviews and Analytics. Simply upload your schedule and let our AI and Intelligent tech generate automatic, advanced reviews and reports in a few clicks. Helping to protect you and your business - cut costs, grow your bottom line, and comply fully with DCMA, GAO, and EVM ANSI 748 standards.
Automated Generation of Engineering Drawings Vectra has developed and launched proprietary Software (Auto2D) which automates the Generation of Engineering Drawings for Mechanical Components & Assemblies.  Our USP is significantly Higher Quality, Lower Cost and Significantly Lower Turnaround Time compared with the current method of human designers manually creating drawings using CAD software.  Technology that is Faster, Cheaper and Better is Disruptive!    The annual Market exceeds $15B and currently every other player executes this process manually.  Our Software As A Service Model enables clients to deploy Auto2D with no Capital Expenditure
Build a prototype IronMan suit
SUITS is a program to build an Iron Man like suit. SUITS is targeting the military, police, emergency response personnel, and exploration. One of our suits would help to protect the wearer from shrapnel, local explosions, and knife/bullet attacks in the case of a military function. For police, the wearer would be protected from domestic attacks. Emergency personnel would be protected from fire, biohazards, etc. And in the case of exploration the suit would be water proof allowing for cave exploration and other dangerous areas of exploration.
Worlds first Interactive hydration system
The HydraCoach calculates your personal hydration needs, tracks your real-time fluid consumption, paces you throughout the day and motivates you to achieve and maintain optimal hydration. Our Doctors, Nutritionists and Fitness Trainers all recommend that we drink more water yet there has never been a device to help individuals adhere to the expert’s recommendations. The HydraCoach is the only product of its kind and a breakthrough in personal hydration monitoring.
SRP builds products to reduce the risks posed to fire, law, and military personnelThe Grab Harness is an innovative and revolutionary victim extrication tool designed to aid a rescuer in removing a victim from almost any threatening environment. The Grab Harness fits around the first responder’s waist, and when deployed, its straps are secured around the casualty’s torso, which allows the first responder to use their hands and body weight appropriately to negotiate obstacles in order to extract the casualty safely.  A law enforcement/military version fits into bullet-proof vests.  SRP’s competitive advantage is providing rescuers the ability to  negotiate obstacles while simultaneously extracting casualties.
Strategic Governance and Assurance Technology Our HawkEye compliance management software has been built to do great audits, first time, every time for ANY system (eg. OHS/WHS, ISO 9001, ISO 15189). It eliminates days of reporting work AND delivers easy data and trend analysis for better decision-making.   Customers - Organisations that need to demonstrate compliance against various laws, regulations and codes of practice (eg. health, safety, quality, security) and/or who have repeatable processes (eg. production, investigations) that require assurance.  Regulators offering self assessment tools to licensees (eg. Construction, Aged Care, Pharmacy).  Customers can spend 30% less time on audits leaving them more time to get on with their business. HawkEye gathers and store electronic evidence and data (e.g. photos, interviews, auditors' observations) and aggregates it quickly to produce sharp, clear, actionable findings that transform the burden of compliance into a strategic advantage, while demonstrating effective due diligence.
Leveraging Next Gen RF technologies
Software Defined Radio and its spin off products. IOT and sensor grids.
Guns + Video Games = EntertainmentOpenfireHD(tm) is an interactive video target system for the sport shooting, competition, law enforcement, and defense markets.  In a nutshell, our technology allows a user to interact with digital content using an unmodified weapon and projectile.  Think of OpenfireHD as a mobile ecosystem for interactive target content.  Not only can we challenge the shooter with interactive target content, we also capture all the data associated with the shooter's performance allowing us to provide unprecedented marketing data and reports to the shooting industry.   The system is currently being used in several beta ranges and customer feedback is positive because the system greatly enhances the shooting experience which drives ammo sales and range memberships.    OpenfireHD is a *truly* innovative, revolutionary and highly disruptive product in the shooting industry.  You can find videos of the system in action on our website or on Facebook: facebook.com/OpenfireSystems   
3D Printing ServicesWe plan to set up a 3D printing services bureau in Delhi NCR (India).  Primary applications lie in the Automotive (Prototyping), Medical (Surgical Guides, Prosthetic, Organ Models, Tumor Models, Moulds for Implants, etc.), Jewelry Sector (Casts for jewelry), Defence and generic usage across industries (Moulds and Jigs & Fixtures).  The Delhi NCR market has a great potential for 3D Printing in the above mentioned fields. Presently, most of the work is outsourced to bureaus based out of Mumbai and Bangalore making it a highly time consuming and costly process.  Proximity to customer shall enable us to better understand their requirements and provide cost effective and time efficient solutions. 
Advanced Vehicles and Engines for Space and FlightENGINES  PDHTF	Pulse Detonation Hi-Bypass Turbofan PDLTF	Pulse Detonation Low-Bypass Turbofan PDM	Pulse Detonation multi-cycle Turbofan Scramjet Rocket   Pulse detonation engines (PDEs) use a small chambered explosion of fuel to provide thrust rather than a continuous burn of fuel in a turbine.  The difference is in the speed.  The flame from the combustion of fuel in a turbine proceeds at subsonic speeds while the detonation of fuel in a PDE proceeds at supersonic speeds.   AVEI proprietary designs use unique multi-chambered designs to produce hybrids between PDEs and turbine technology.  This unique approach produces more power and greater fuel efficiency then current engine designs.  We believe that these PD turbines will revolutionize the aerospace engine industry.   Our PDM engine with the ARN (annular rocket nozzle) concept is for a new horizontal take-off and landing reusable launch vehicle to put satellites and humans in to orbit.
UAVs / Drones VTOL platformsLow/Medium Altitude Long Endurance Unmanned Aerial Vehicles/Systems.  Following the trend of dramatic shrinking of size and weight of most of the UAVs payloads and electronics, we identify the need for Affordable High Performance Safe and Reliable small UAVs.  Our solution building blocks: Small UAVs with state of the art performance, safety and reliability of big UAVs. • Optimal high lift low reynolds aerodynamics • Highly efficient composite structure • Smart system redundancy with modern avionics • Dual payload design to enhance mission performance • VTOL system kit, allows any field operation  Our competitive advantages: Reducing system footprint size while maintaining safety and reliability. • Enables our customers to invest in the top payloads existing • Dramatically reduces system’s lifetime logistic cost
Defend your family one child at a time
Pistol handling and firearm safety classes good for Ohio License to Carry a Concealed Handgun.
in line 3D inspection of mechanical partsNon-contact 3D dimensional inspection machines directly integrated in the manufacturing line to ensure 100% of production inspection. MS3D machines control large series of industrial parts dimensional conformity to specifications. It  inspects complex internal and external shapes within seconds and below µm accuracy with 365/24 reliability directly in the machine shop.  At this level of performances there is no alternative to MS3D machines: Speed (control in sec), accuracy (µm), reliability (working 365/24 without maintenance) robustness (integrated in the manufacturing line), flexibility (inspection of complete families of parts on the same machine without retooling nor downtime)  automation (fully automatic working and recalibration for every single part).
Launch Systems Company
Expendable launch vehicles and prototyping services for responsive space designed for the United States Departme﻿nt of Defense & US Commercial Space Market. This enables dedicated launch slots of nano-mini class satellites to space.
Proven advanced technologies ready for explosive growthParylene Coating Services - GAT offers the highest quality parylene coatings available in the market.  Conformal Coating Solutions - Our key strength is in parylene technologies including materials, process and equipment. In addition, GAT assists with alternate material selection, material compatibility, integration issues. Experts in materials and deposition processes – including CVD, ALD, PVD, plasma, and liquid coatings.  Coating Equipment Design and Manufacturing - GAT works with customers to develop viable production solutions.  Consulting Services, Sample E-runs - Including material analysis, IPC/MIL/ASTM standardized testing, reliability tests, failure analysis and more.  USA and Overseas Mass Production - ISO certified facilities to help customers transition to large volume production in USA and Asia.
India's Indigenously Designed Surveillance SystemsWe build high-end Electro-Optic surveillance systems for Strategic and Commercial buyers. These products are researched and proven at India's most discerning clients for land and aerospace applications. Our vision is to become a global leader in providing Security solutions to National & International Defence and Aerospace organizations. The company envisages to become a player of reckoning in Homeland security, Defense Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance & Machine Vision.  The Company is registered in Ahmedabad, Gujarat as a registered MSME engaged in the business of developing and providing breakthrough technology innovation solutions for various applications such as Electro-Optics, Camera, Electronic Hardware, Military and Defence, Optoelectronics, Airport Surveillance, Critical Asset Tracking, etc. Prototyping facility, R&D and Sales office is located in Bangalore. The company is currently raising funds for commercial production. 
Suborbital Rockets-  x- Armadillo Aerospace teamOut of the underpinnings of John Carmacks' highly successful Armadillo Aerospace and an Association with Martin Systems & Technologies comes EXOS Aerospace Systems & Technologies (hereafter EAST or EXOS). We reunited the team in 2015 to form a for-profit business to provide expedited suborbital flight capability furthering cancer and medical research and meeting industrial needs. We have sold our first flights and have MOU's for the Sale (Wet Lease) of two rockets.   As defined in the Tauri study, our customers need zero-g time for hundreds of research experiments as well as pre-qualification for the International Space Station. Our services can provide that to foreign and domestic entities for the growing (near 300) payloads we have confirmed through multiple agencies. Our Products include Suborbital Rockets, associated equipment sales, and services (Rapid Prototyping recognized by NASA) and devices designed for Navy Submarines
Drone detection, identification, and interception
DroneFox allows first responders to safely clear the skies of drones being used illegally.
3D Printer for Technical Ceramics and Advanced MaterialsHotEnd Works has developed a 3D printer, the HDfab system, which utilizes advanced materials such as advanced ceramics.  Advanced materials are used in a broad range of industries which include Consumer Products, Aerospace, Defense, Alternative Energy, Semiconductor, Automotive, and High Technology sectors.  The HDfab system utilizes a unique technology, Pressurized Spray Deposition (PSD), which is capable of producing high performance components.  This system can use a very wide range of materials, including customer-provided propreitary advanced materials which have a proven track record.  The HDfab fabrication times per part are reduced by 75% when compared to it's competitors because of the patent-pending fociJet nozzle design.  This nozzle design allows the size of the deposition pattern to be altered during the printing operation, such as reducing its size for fine features and enlarging the pattern to decrease component print time.
World's first Space Exploration crowdfunding, and investment platform.
highly dynamic ad-hoc mesh network
Highly effective and stable mesh network technology. No infrastructure required. Top level in secure communications with range and speed never before obtained in mesh networking. Voice, text, and multimedia capabilities faster than your cell phone.
Defense Contracting, R &D with innovations in each of our markets
Our experience in the DOD drives our services as a source of income to develop our innovation projects. Those ideas that you always say wow, "I bet given the right circumstances I could really run with this idea!" We are creating an atmosphere that breeds innovation and creativity. Currently we are working on a passion project of mine to help combat unemployment.
visualizing complex networksLinkSight Analyst allows the client/analyst to visually model complex networks (from concepts to programs, from markets to products) and with a single mouse click visualize aspects of the network and perform in-depth analysis of the network's nodes (concepts, products, people) and their relationships.  The product is at release 3.1 and is being used by the DoD for complex budgetary analysis.  Other target markets include competitive intelligence, and supply chain risk management.
Sensing and Using Unsean InfraredInfrared initiated technologies are the new paradigm whose time has come to penetrate all manner of markets and industries at a phenomenal rate meeting the demand for digital monitoring.  A technology which may provide the key to increasing efficiencies in present solar applications.  The market potential is in the billions but to achieve these lofty goals improvements must be made in the sensing materials thus allowing design and desired performance to be reached.    Advanced Integration's patented (presently 4 ) technology allows the design and required increase in  performances to take place.  The technology can be applied to either photoconductive or photovoltaic applications.  This has not been possible in the past and placed limitations on marketable applications.  It provides the necessary tools for Infrared Technologies to take a quantum leap both in performance, applications and sales.
Future ready InfrastructureSutech Solutions is a Company which specializes in CAD/CAM/CAE, AEC/BIM/IMM, GIS/GPS/VTS, FLM/PDS with a vision of “Designing the Future” by building Futuristic Concepts using Creative Thinking and Innovative Ideas blended with High End Technology. 
 
 In continuation with our specialized services we would like to introduce ourselves as INFRASTRUCTURE MODELING AND MANAGEMENT (IMM)/ BUILDING INFORMATION MODELING (BIM) Consultant / Service Providerwhich is one of its kind services in the world.It simply saves 20% on Construction cost, 45% on Design cycle time & 50 % on Interdepartmental site meetings and much more.
 
  Sutech provides services on Infrastructure Modeling and Management (IMM)/ Building Information Modeling (BIM) by integrating all the data (ground, underground and aboveground) into a single Comprehensive 3D platform. This enables you to Plan, Design, Construct, Manage and Maintain the entire project in a more streamlined and efficient way.
 

Transform how machines and humans interact and bridge the gap between muscle and motorIris Dynamics Ltd. is a privately-owned Canadian technology startup with headquarters on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. Iris has invented a process for magnetic force controlled actuator motors that improves the human-machine interface. This technology has been deployed in a diverse range of markets to help clients improve their processes that previously utilized low performance, less reliable, and more expensive technologies. The company is also using this technology to develop high performance stabilization platforms in several different client-led applications.  Iris sponsors advanced theoretical and applied electromagnetic research at two major Canadian universities. Applications for our technology include aircraft controls, flight simulation, remotely piloted vehicles, heavy equipment, submersibles, automotive, industrial automation, robotics, platform/sensor stabilization, and semiconductor manufacturing.  Iris Dynamics is actively seeking industry partners to advance this technology.
Energy where You need itThe Grid starts with you, in its use and deployment. A low profile quite generator at your home, business, government, local, state, and federal in your auto, along with the military applications, and NASA.   In the event of a natural disaster, My platform provides immediate power. Tornado, hurricanes and earthquakes victims that rocked Japan and Haiti the the MidWest.  It is a hybrib "next generation" wind generator.
Innovative and Flexible Battlefield Management SystemMobile solutions, focused on tactical safety and post-disaster management, based on Commercial Off-The-Shelf elements integrated with custom made software and dedicated communication hardware.
 The typical application is based on a hardened smartphone, a tactical software suite providing advanced mapping, navigation and targeting, and various wireless interfaces connecting the software to virtually any device available either on the battlefield or in disaster scenarios: radios, laser range finders, UAV/Drones video feed receivers and many other sensors.
 The value proposition is made unique by the system ability to work perfectly without any external pre-existent radio/cellular infrastructure, by an obsessive user-centered interaction design, by a core application conceived from scratch for smartphones/tablets, and by a very flexible external devices integration.
 The current architecture has been tested in the most demanding military environments.

"Next Generation Learning Strategies"NewPoint, a global training company with a strong client base and track record, is launching innovative digital tools for training in "high-risk" employment issues - Sexual Harassment/Assault, Equal Pay for Women, and Diversity/Inclusion/Implicit Bias. Tools include edgy, short, relevant, cartoon animations that appeal to the new workforce preferred learning style. Cost effective, simply distributed, essential training delivered to mobile devices. High profit margins from subscriptions, advertising, and sponsors.  JUST SAY MORE: Equal Pay Negotiating Digital Tool for Women. Market - working women.          QUICKPOINTS: Short digital training scenarios on “high-risk” issues. Market - corporations, Federal/State government, military, universities, associations            CONSENT REWIND: Cartoon animations on "Consent" for Sexual Assault Prevention. Market - colleges/universities/high schools            STOP: Step Up To STOP Sexual Assault: Market - military and colleges/universities     
3D on any screen no glassesVision III's mission is to continue to excel as the leading provider of parallax visualization (PV) technologies (v3®) and to make the v3 PV technologies ubiquitous in the current live-action production, post-production, and computer animation/gaming industries throughout the world.   vimeo.com/148021816         v3 506 (c) video   (1 min)  The Company’s strategy is to develop multiple revenue streams from its patented optical and imaging software tools focused initially on four high profile markets:   On-air TV promotions and programming Digital advertising (web, outdoor and TV) Image processing software tools (Defense, Medical & Scientific) Computer rendering engines (Games, Simulations and VR/AR)   In these markets the Company fills a need that cannot be met by existing technologies.   Our goal is to maximize the v3 brand over the next 2 to 3 years with the purpose of an exit strategy.   Examples of v3 are at:  youtu.be/qKKM-MxYOXU     vimeo.com/173969766  
Unique Custom Firearm Builder
Custom Firearm designer and builder. Take your existing firearm or any brand new firearm and integrate a unique trigger or barrel, any color or style. Why have the same firearm as anyone else? Make it your own firearm. From bolt- action to semi-auto rifles to shotguns and handguns. L&L Trading Company can make self-defense or hunting, individualized. We currently offer custom 7075 billet lower receivers and are in the process of including bolt-action rifles and semi-auto .308 rifles.
Firefighter Tracking BeaconWe can track packages around the world, cars on our freeways, even a golf ball on a golf course, but we can't track and locate our firefighters?
 
 Considered the 'Holy Grail' of the Public Safety Industry, we currently have no way to track our firefighters in a burning building.  We have been doing R&D for over 5-years and now have a working prototype.  We filed for a Patent in 2011.  The Patent was just awarded in September of 2013!
 
 With a working prototype and a Patent, we're looking for an Electronics Manufacturer to Partner with or an Angel Investor(s) to help bring this life-saving device to market.  There are other products that could be developed from this technology including Police, SWAT, Military, Coal Miners, etc.   
Treatment of Any Surface at Microscopic LevelMachine, chemical cocktails, and media to smooth metals, alloys, composites, fibers, etc. at the microscopic level.  Lengthen useful life, reduces heat emission, improve performances (e.g. double useful life of high friction mechanical parts, improve aircraft turbine fuel efficiency by 2%).  Applications: Aerospace-Defense, Medical Equipment/Prosthesis, Automotive, Tooling/Machining, semiconductors (conductivity and heat emission tests underway).  First vertical focus: Aerospace-Defense
Smart, collaborative, analytical, "SLACK" for the cyber security industryThousands of cyber security minded organizations are joining threat sharing communities to leverage advanced analytics and crowdsourced threat information. Our secure cloud based threat collaboration community platform automates the analysis of enterprise and community threats in real-time enabling a faster response to cyber threats. The next evolution in cyber security is more social, visual, smart, and easy to use than todays traditional platforms.  This allows analysts to communicate and coordinate threat analysis actions across the enterprise, community, and industry. The platform is modular so that the base capabilities apply to all organizations, and additional 3rd party modules for analysis, training, and advanced automation can be purchased. This approach keeps costs reasonable for all organizations while encouraging interoperability and collaboration. Community driven analytics coupled with machine learning capable platforms is threat analysis for the next generation. 
jet-pack like device While hosting several business segments, we are focusing on what will be the most profitable but also the most difficult to get off the ground, a jet-pack like device (doesn't use a jet propulsion system) that will compete with anything else on or near the market in price, flight time and decibel noise. We'll be marketing it to police and military units, search & rescue, businesses, thrill seekers and even as a daily commuter. Any further details will require an NDA. 
Tactical, Modern Survival TrainingHindsight 20/20 Firearms & Personal Defense Training, LLC isn’t your typical “Permit to Carry” training facility.  We offer so much more than any competitor in our market.  We are business and skilled professionals with a passion to serve our community by training those in it to protect themselves and their loved ones. As a provider of firearms and personal defense training, we take pride in offering the best training. We are dedicated to serving the needs of our customers each and every day. Our services are broad and more unique than any other “gun range” in Minnesota.  We offer state of the art indoor and outdoor shooting ranges, shoothouses, Trap Leagues, archery, survival courses, real terrain ranges....implementing a full outdoor experience for all ages and skill levels.
Cyber Security Risk Intelligence Platform & Reporting Service
CyberNSight - A Cyber Security and Threat Risk Platform based on Open System and Open Source components with our own researched and tested software and components that expand for many different implementations. VCISO - ZeroTouch drop in sensor to help SMBs, VIPs and anyone get better automated cyber threat and risk awareness and detection. CyBeVue - Smartphone Defense Platform detects and stops connections to drive by downloads and other threats and risks we find in near real time. Antivirus was the 1990s, now we have CyBeVue RIPE
Lauretta.io turns existing cameras into smart cameras to infer occupant activity, behavior
We allow facility owners, managers, and operators to understand incidents, predict future events and understand the root cause of the current affairs. We do this by turning 350 million close circuit cameras in the world in a unified smart camera system that can infer occupant activity, behavior, and intent through pattern of life analysis, allowing reaction in real-time. Actively deployed in four countries and surveying 90,000 square feet of real estate, Lauretta.io has resulting in a 30% decrease in property management costs, an 8% uptick in retail revenue and can even be used for realtime contact tracing of COVID19 patients.
next generation satellite communications
Questiny builds groundbreaking advance technologies for the satellite communications & simulations industry. We are a profitable mid-term start-up in San Francisco Peninsula with growing customer revenue stream and have unique capabilities in our market niche. We are currently in growth mode looking for exceptional people to join our team
High-tech eyes for drones VertigoFPV builds high-tech 3 axis stabilised gimbals with zoom capability for professional drone market.   Our clients are mainly operating in surveillance, inspection and military market.   The product helps saving lives of soldiers. It gives vision to drones operators beyond present possibility. Our clients can easily inspect regions of their interest saving drone battery and extending flight time.  Our products can detect trespassing incidents, and can monitor pipelines looking for mechanical defects. There are a lot of other potenial markets like agriculture, that may in future be profit from our equipment.  Vertigo gimbals have the best price to quality ratio, and are betterevery month as the technology development is our key focus.  As the technology beyond our equipment is one of the most sophisticated  developments in drone world we are ready for expansion to new opportunities in robotics world.
Geopolitical & Economic Forecasting
Godwin Research Group is a research and consultancy firm based out of the Toronto Area that primarily focuses on politics, defense & security, economics, and energy & technology. Three activities the firm is actively engaged in are: geopolitical risk reporting, international integrity investigation, and economic & market advisory. GRG creates routine reports analyzing important issues so that individuals, firms, and organizations can efficiently manage their assets to better position themselves in the global community. The firm has developed a successful method of accurately forecasting global trends.
Revolutionary Muzzle BrakesAs modern combat and competitive shooting develops, the need for increased firepower becomes more pressing. The capability to deliver quick and accurate follow up shots provide a significant advantage in these situations. For the competitor it can mean winning the competition, for soldiers or law enforcement officers it can be a matter of life or death.   For decades, shooters have tried to reduce recoil with a device called a muzzle brake, which reverses propellant gasses exiting the barrel.  It acts much like a thrust reverser on a landing airplane.  These brakes are effective at reducing recoil up to about one-third, but due to physical limitations have plateaued in effectiveness.  The DB Arms brake uses patent pending technology to drastically increase the usable energy in the propellant gasses.  Our first prototypes has doubled the effectiveness of industry leading brakes.  With a little time and funding we can develop a product that potentially eliminates recoil in small arms.
innovative, revolutionary,unique
The product we developed is an innovative GPS Localizator, made by Graphene, with high technology. It has 7 cm lenght and 1/10 of mm thickness, an atomic dimension. We will produce in SAMSUNG factories in Korea, and will use SAMSUNG satellite system worldwide. Is selfpowered, no battery, resitent 700 mt deep water and 1400 degree temperature.It will have thousand of utilities, as CAR localizzator, bike, precious goods, military, kids controll, aircraft....infinite use. Does not exist anything like this The product has patente registred
Accelerator for the United States GovernmentVelociter is an accelerator that aims to eliminate the bureaucratic friction companies face when trying to work with the federal government. Through our intensive acceleration program we have developed a curriculum that provides our portfolio companies with access to subject matter experts in the areas of government contracting, business development, marketing, intellectual property, lean entrepreneurship, technology/product development and private and public capital sources. The Velociter program is currently being offered free of charge to accepted companies however acceptance into the program is highly competitive.   Our 2016 class of portfolio companies represented 366 patents and obtained more than $89 million in funding.   velociter.tech
Quantum AI ShieldWe are creating an AI Shielding System which consists of a Quantum Firewall and complementing AI Anti-Virus system using entanglement, encapsulation, and virtualization in simulated environments with real-time bridging access for the operation and/or training of robotic and/or autonomous systems via the Kontrol of Kontained AI systems with augmentation from our AVISC system which is a distributed computing style emulation system made of thousands and more of our users devices emulating virtualized devices that are required for our simulations to run.  The Nanocheeze  MEQUAVIS Multiverse Emulation of Quantum Universes within Abstract Virtualized Iterated Simulations  We are an NVIDIA Inception project
Left Handed Integrated Non-reciprocating Charging Handle (LINCH covers)THE LEFT HANDED INTERGRADED NON-RECIPROCATING CHARGING HANDLE IS DESIGNED AS A DROP-IN APPLICATION FOR THE KALASHNIKOV RIFLE. THIS IS THE MOST ABONDANT RIFLE IN THE WORLD. THIS CHARGING HANDLE/COVER REQUIRES NO MODIFICATIONS TO THE WEAPON SYSTEM. WHEN INSTALLED A PRIMARY AND ALTERNATE MEANS OF OPERATING THE BOLT CARRIER WILL BE ESTABLISHED. THE CHARGING HANDLE IS NON-RECIPROCATING DURING FIRING. ANY MODIFIED FN-FAL CHARGING HANDLE CAN BE USED.  THIS PRODUCT WILL WORK WITH ALL CALIBERS. THE LINCH COVER WAS DESIGNED TO WORK WITH ANY LENGTH KALASHNIKOV COVER. lastroundholdopenak47.com/files/tech-specs.pdf   With the high demand on FAL charging handles and the current prices on the parts, we are looking into tooling the components for the LINCH covers. All the casting will be created here in the U.S.. The casting molds will allow the left side folding stock options. This effort is vital to keeping this product on the market and to bring the very best quality to the customers. 
Smart phone based nuclear, chemical, and biological detectionSince the terrorist attack associated with September 11, 2001 the United States and other Governments world-wide have undertaken several initiatives to safeguard the society and cities from the release of nuclear, biological, and chemical threat agents and other related threats.    This company shall create products based on the Purdue Research Foundation (PRF), Purdue University patented technology U. S. 7,994,926 B2 for nuclear and radiation contraband initially and other applications for chemical and biological for future developments.  The initial products are to be smart phone based with Software-as-a-Service, SaaS.  The firm shall develop technologies for nuclear contraband and radiation,chemical, and biological detection, information storage and transmission, hardware and software, and the required end user systems.    The end results of these product developments shall be multiple consumer, commercial, and Government products in the United States with world-wide implications.
Manufacturing Automation PlatformOur platform offers a comprehensive modular solution that covers many challenges facing manufacturing operations.  Our solution provides systems for MES (manufacturing execution system), CRM, ERP (enterprise resource planning), accounting, HR (human resources), QA (Quality Assurance),  logistics, inventory management, material management, tool management, machine management, BI (business intelligence), and more.    Our platform is based on real time awareness, monitoring, and notification of the entire operation.  This system is fully configurable so that necessary information is known by team members as operations start, occur, and complete.
Video and Data recordersWe pioneered the rugged solid state video recorder back in 2004.  We have over 8000 units in the field. Our latest product combines video with data recording, such as GPS location, speed, gforces, and more. Our customers include the US Army, Navy, FBI, NASA, Disney, Formula 1 racing, and much more.  We have some potential markets and have been receiving some requests for quotes for enhanced products, but we need funds to develop for them.   The potential markets are huge. 
Solid contract opportunity with a client in the Aersspace industry
Government & Defense
India's Top Solar and Wind Turbine  Manufacturing cum R&D Company  IYSERT a world class R&D and Manufacturing startup, located in Rajasthan India and branched out in major cities of India • Manufacturer of Portable Solar Based Technology Including Inbuilt Street Light, Off Grid Power Technology • Micro -Vertical Axis Wind Turbines Technologies ranges from (300 Watt to 50 Kw ) • Bio Waste to Energy Technology- Bio Gas Battery Generator (Energy Generation from Kitchen Waste & Bio -manure )  IYSERT Research Lab-X is premier state of an art Research and development facility in Jaipur ( Rajasthan ) India , R& D divison of M/S IYSERT ENERGY RESEARCH PRIVATE LIMITED with ISO 9001: 2015 Certified , NSIC Approved , NABL Approved , DSIR Approved ( on Process )
Wearables that serve information on tactile sensory channelElitac’s intelligent wearables provide information to persons in complex sensory environments, through the tactile sensory channel, to help them increase their impact.  Markets: Safety and Defence, Virtual and augmented reality, Road navigation  Our wearables are a means of feedback to the user, not only sensors.  1. A personal and discrete information channel; 2. To keep eyes, ears and hands free; 3. Lowering cognitive load (intuitive perception).  We have multiple patents pending on our technology to use it in the real world: 1. Wire free and waterproof integration in textile, which makes it durable; 2. Stretchable and bendable, which makes it comfortable to wear.  Elitac has an excellent development and project team. Funds in hand cover planned R&D activities. We seek to expand our team, to support the transition from R&D towards a B2B business to generate growth.  Investors with experience and business networks in international safety and defence markets are preferred.
Transform Data into InformationActive Intelligence is powerful next generation Business Intelligence solution which enable users from open source BIRT and Jasper Report community to create new or upload their existing reports onto Active Intelligence Server (AIS) for secure Sharing and Scheduling to make system automation.  AIS comes with Data Visualization capabilities enabling users to create custom visualization on fly with less dependency on IT, powerful Analytic help decision makers to analyze data how they wants it using drag and drop interface and also AIS comes with Ad-hoc reporting capabilities which means reports can be created on fly, on-demand.  AIS is featured rich solution and has to offer lot more than any traditional BI solutions, it is secure, scalable, simple to use and yet affordable.
High Quality Instruments for Green Plating Greenotronix currently has 2 range of products:  1. Customised Programmable plating rectifier  2. Dynamic Plating System  We use organic electrolytes for plating that makes the process green. The plating rectifier is 5x corrosion resistant due to grain size reduction process. The opportunities are endless and has huge potential in the field of aerospace, defence, automotive, MEMS, nanotechnology, research labs and so on. 
Purpose TechnologiesScigenity Technologies is a unique start-up that provides a variety of products and services for individuals and corporations, designed, in a nutshell to make life safer and easier. The company develops cutting edge devices, components and software that will change the face of technology over the next decade. Scigenity aims to become a pillar in communities throughout the world, supporting the executive branch of government, law enforcement, the judicial system and healthcare, through both future partnerships as well as existing relationships.  The core mission of Scigenity is to provide peace of mind for families, individuals and corporations through technological advancements. The company is dedicated to meeting the needs of people worldwide by developing emergency technology, increased accountability, and streamlining cellular and mobile communication. Scigenity will be the face of security by providing technical solutions to complex problems. 
Glass Aspherical LensAspherical lenses are applied to various imaging applications in industries such as: life science, medical, defense, cameras, scopes, for a wide angle field view. Aspherical lenses replace the need for cementing two lenses together (doublets) eliminating aberration and distortion. 
 Currently, we are focusing our aspherical lenses on customer based applications laser probes for wind measurements, diagnostic detection for glaucoma, shock wave and high pressure research, nanotechnology, deep sea exploration and astronomy.
 The silver bullet for countering aerial threatsThe DroneBullet is the silver bullet for countering the threat posed by hostile small Unmanned Aerial Systems (sUAS) and incendiary kites and balloons.  Designed to be portable, deadly, and cost-effective, the DroneBullet is a fully autonomous quadcopter using machine vision to detect and eliminate aerial threats. 
TrExS True Exercise Shoes: real workout, compete w/Instability toneup, appeal to all ages
TrExShoe&soles: multilevel workouts from three Pat Pend technologies. From each, additional muscle contraction when walking/jogging, vs sneakers. Appeals: kids & grandparents & soldiers, each @ own level. No Instability. No fear of falling. No impeding sprints. Will capture percentage of known $2B toneshoes. Made in USA. Pre-prototypes have proven principles. Now: need prototypes for third party validation. Prognosis $80M business/year 3. Mg't team: senior Mkg & Mfg & QC from shoes industry.
Provider of Tactical Ground Robotics Systems
Our team of highly experienced veterans lead the design, development, production and delivery of high performance tactical ground robots to reliably support our troops and keep them safe.
Detect otherwise undetectable things
+ Quantum Ambiguity Sensor + Planck Quantum Transistor + GyroPEAtron microwave drive + Mind Sampler
Your devices reimagined
SpectroSmart watch is the world's first smartwatch with a spectrophotometer incorporated in it. It scans the spectrum of solids/liquids to get information of processing and adulterants. Equipped with a heart rate sensor and pulse oxygenation, keeping track of fitness is easy as ever. It gives the user an easy interface and convenience.
From Space Rockets to Fastest Racing Cars on Earth  2400% Growth in 3 years Manufacturer of gears and precision machined parts for aerospace, defense and high end racing.  Customers: SpaceX, Bell Helicopter, Rolls Royce, United Technologies, Northrop Grumman, ViaSat, Robinson Helicopters  NASCAR: Stewart Haas, Hendrick, Penske, Roush, RCR F1: McLaren  CEO was janitor at gear manufacturing company!!    Aerospace Engineers are designing more and more precision and efficient gears and parts-very few companies have expertise and latest equipment to make them-that is where we differentiate.  Top aerospace and defense companies/organizations are knocking our doors.  We have succeeded in making gears and parts where 100 plus year company failed.  Testimony from NASCAR Team: "In my 22 years of gear building, these Rave Gears are the finest gear sets I have ever set up.  Better yet, made right in Texas, U.S.A."  "Just wanted to pass along a congratulations for the Cup win at Michigan! Joey ran a great race and showed a lot of speed leading 138 of 200 laps."
Mechanical Engineering CAE/FEA Consultancy / TrainingEleno Energy is a services wing of Eleno Group with a dynamic, multifunctional and highly educated team based in Pune, India  Vision of the company is to provide comprehensive engineering services with reliable and cost effective solutions  Having expertise in Machine Tool, Defense and Automotive domain, ELENO offers Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) services and solutions for industry  Electrical and Mechanical System Design for Defense and General Engineering Industry using Multi-physics solvers such as LS Dyna and Hypermesh   Expert in High Explosive material and machinery testing in virtual environment using advance CAE technique. 
Body sensing devices with a difference
Bodytrak® is unique. It exploits the only body site from which all vital signs can be measured. From one small non-invasive, in-ear device, metrics including core body temperature, heart rate, VO2 and motion (speed, distance, cadence) are sent wirelessly to the user in real-time via a smart phone, smart watch or internet hub. By utilising miniature components, Bodytrak® also provides two-way communications, music playback and ambient sound transparency to meet the different needs of the sport, defence and telehealth markets. Since Bodytrak® accesses the ear, it detects changes in body physiology rapidly and accurately due to its close proximity to the brain, more effectively than some competing devices which measure at the periphery of the body.
Luxury entertainment and personal aerial transportation
JETCORE Jet-Suit is first in the world jet propulsion system that allows you to experience pure human flight not only in a hover mode but conventionally as well. As its not a jet pack that has one direction from the center line of human body, jet suit engulfs human pilot into becoming a one lifting body similar to the essence of wingsuit flying but only powered by jet propulsion in order to attain vertical take off, as of that transition to horizontal flight prolongs the duration of flight itself as less power is required to sustain horizontal flight than vertical and giving more time to experience flight itself.
Amarel offers its clients tailor-made professional services
Amarel Company has been providing professional services to manufacturing industries in Israel and around the world since 2004. The Company provides complementary services in various professional fields, such as Engineering Documentation, Maintenance, Technical Writing, Training Development, Training and Implementation and Project Management.
Direct Hire Placement of Technical and Professional Talent
Direct Hire Talent Search and Job Placement.
Next Generation Electronics Design - Innovation by Design Escudo Industries Inc is a dynamic startup with more than 25-years experience in Electronics Design.  Escudo's design team has the capability of Designing Next Generation systems utilizing today's technologies to achieve your desired results (Conceptualization, Implementation, Design Verification, Testing, Regulatory and Product Roll-Out).  We've designed Power Conversion products and systems for some of the worlds top company's: Schneider-Electric, Toyota, GM, Plug Power, Cellex Power, Bosch - Home Security Division.    We've also developed some latest technology Medical Devices for measuring patient Vitals.    Our knowledge and Expertise ensures that we can work with you to conceptualize your design, Ensure it meets and exceeds your expectations.   Our working Knowledge of the regulatory requirements ensures that when we design your product, we are designing to those standards so as to minimize failures.  UL, Mil_Spec, CSA, IEC, CE, DNV, Lloyds.     
Global Electric Vehicle Drive-Train Developers
Electric Vehicle Traction motors, Electric Drive Inverters, Battery Management Systems and Lithium based cells.
Recognized leader in tactical computing and communications systemsOur customer base is the military.  Historically, our products have been geared towards the dismounted Operator.  We are currently expanding our focus to include other markets within the military including aircraft computing solutions.  Every product that we design has to be built for rugged environments and pass the stringent military requirements for EMI.
Intelligent equipments dedicated to Drones & RoboticsOur first product, PULSIT, is a smart glove that allows anyone to control 80% of drones in less than 10 minutes garanteed.  With great precision and incredible flight sensations as your hand becomes the drone. Once tried, you'll never get back to old radiocontrollers. PULSIT is a real disruption in the controller market since 50 years, thanks to state-of-the-art sensors, patent pending technology, and "Pulsit Radio Connect" software technology.  We are begining with B2B sales, as drone training schools are very interested in a better and easier way to pilot drones. Military and intervention forces (firemen, police) are currently bêta-testing our product and it's very promising.  WePULSIT has been selected and is now incubated in two of french Top 3 Incubators (Ecole Polytechnique and Agoranov/Telecom Paris). 5 products have been sold in July 2017, clients are fully amazed.  We are currently seed funding, if you are interested be sure to reach us at : contact@wepulsit.com 
Lyfecicle Management Software Products based on innovative concepts
A Lyfecicle Management Software Product focused on logistics and Configuration Management for large enterprises. It 's based on innovative concepts over military standards and aims to meet the market needs about the issues of quality, productivity and collaborative working.
World Class QualityThe most popular weapon systems made to the highest standards. UDMC has been proven in battle and in competition throughout SE Asia and is looking to join the world's  firearm manufacturers here in America.  UDMC  is 100% Filipino  owned and would like to make the same commitment here in America with it's US base being 100% American made and made in the US with all product components made in house or sourced from American companies such as Bergara USA; Known for peerless barrels and their blanks are exclusively by UDMC now in the Philippines. UDMC produces top quality 1911 pistols and AR platforms in both 5.56 and 7.62mm calibers. These rifles come in the traditional gas impingement or piston driven actions. A reliable piston design was needed by NAVSOG for waterborne ops and UDMC (the former importer of LWRC) delivered one of the industries most reliable piston driven rifles. Competitions held in SE Asia among her armed forces highlights the UDMC as a world class manufacturer. 
2 decades old strong company in Specialised Footwear
We produce Industrial Safety Shoes for men and Women working all kinds of Hazardous conditions .Our Safety Shoes meet all safety Standards of National And International.They are very light,aesthetic,comfortable and durable.Our Security Boots are made for Jungle ,Tactical and Athletic Needs of Military,Para Military and Security Agencies including Police,
Better control, comfort, durable 100% skin safe silicone, stretch mesh reinforced. Gun grip covers. Better control, Reduces Grip Fatigue, Lowers Recoil Impact. Comfortable Concealment. Great for military, Leo, shooting sports, and home defense 
Hi-Tech Electronics Reseller
Rugged PCs, tablets and handhelds Microwave Sub-Systems & Systems Electronic boards
Highlight your performancesSport events are reaching the age of STADIUM 2.0  With WALICOM products, no more frustration from ephemeral, partial and occasional sport feat!     Imagine yourself...looking at freestyle jumps, and in real time visualize on your laptop, mobile, tablet the video augmented with information on performance, number of laps…jump heights, speed… and trace the trajectory. Innovation is in the overlay video information follows the player on its trajectory with precise geo-positioning (<10cm).  The magic is in Correlated Data Fusion Augmented Reality merging video stream with data collected on players thought their wearable device. Information enriches your visual perception and enable potential comparison…with the community…The automatic generation of data nourish playful interactivity to viewers.  Thanks to WALICOM, from Spectators to… Spectacle Actors.   Targeted clients are:  -B2B: professional coach, events agencies, TV broadcast -B2C: event spectators, sport social networks
Innovation in In-Memory computing technology
ADS  - Application Data Services - Midleware Speeds up application data processing 8000 times compared to DBs - reducing costs of resources Speeds up application development time 3 times - reducing costs of development Structures, and simplifies software architecture FastMemAPi.com
Securing people through advanced technologyOperating in the aerospace, defense, and security sector, Terma supports customers and partners all over the world. With more than 1,400 committed employees worldwide, we develop and manufacture mission-critical products and solutions that meet our customers’ needs and requirements.  Terma provides mission critical solutions for the defense and aerospace industry. We are guided by one overall purpose: to deliver security for countries, alliances, and individuals. Security is a means to maintaining and developing prosperity and protecting human lives and sovereignty.  We operate in a variety of areas, but security is always the key. We deliver advanced technologies to keep people safe, both in peaceful times and in times of conflict. Our systems provide security for people on land, at sea, and in the air. In space, we are engaged in reaching new frontiers and enabling people on our planet to deal with new and future challenges.
DOD IT consulting company TACTEC Global LLC is a veteran owned Information Technology consulting firm that is committed to delivering  a superior customer experience and tremendous value for our customers.  We pride ourselves on delivering all work on-time and on-budget. 334 — Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing/334220 — Radio and       Television Broadcasting and Wireless Communications Equipment Manufacturing 517 — Telecommunications/517410 — Satellite Telecommunications 517 — Telecommunications/517919 — All Other Telecommunications 519 — Other Information Services/519190 — All Other Information Services 541 — Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services/541519 — Other Computer Related Services 541 — Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services/541690 — Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services 541 — Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services/541712 — Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology)
For a safer world!
Control Centers for Public Security and Transportation
Energy storage developed directly on a copper wiresThe Cable Based Super Capacitor (CSC) can simultaneously store and transport electricity on a copper wire by using nano-whiskers (hair like structures) that can be grown chemically. This is a simple nanotechnology that has the potential for continuous mass production thus making the CSC one of the lightest, most affordable, and high performance options for energy storage.  The CSC can be used to help commercialize emerging technologies (such as advanced warfare products) as well as provides economic advantages the case of electric/hybrid vehicles and renewable energy sources.   For military, the CSC can reduce the amount of battery weight a solider carries increasing their agility, performance, and self-sufficiency. For wind turbines the CSC can combine the copper wires used for distribution and the capacitors used to filter the source. This not only reduces the BOM and shipping costs but also better distributes heat through the turbine's tower. 
Tooling systems for Rockets are incredibly complex and expensive. We have a solution that dramatically reduces NRE and lead time for the manufacturing of Launch Vehicles. Our Modular Tooling Systems for both the private and public space industries have a documented history of high positive impact.   The applications of this patented technology are not limited to space, our system could potentially be used for manufacturing of aircraft, ships and other large products. In addition to this we have plans to modify and optimize our designs for other industries and applications.  Due to the nature of our work and product, we are not able to post many details of the companies products and applications. However, if you are interested please feel free to inquire.  Kit Carson President, Founder
Mechanical Engineering specializing in Composites
Shown is a very small sampling of Carson & Associates work.
Security & DefenseThe most robust cybersecurity technology to monitor brand threats, intellectual property infringements, and data breaches.  
Convenience and Accessibility
A simple but yet powerful SaaS application that empowers SMEs with the infra and applications needed to run and manage their business.
Cleans,sanitizes and dries any protective helmet
Our unique system cleans sanitizes and deodorizes almost any protective helmet that has a lining or padding. The cleaning solution is packaged in either 8oz or 16oz aluminum cans with a proprietary attachment method. The liquid is formulated to remove sweat, oils and bacteria from deep within the lining, padding and the shell of the helmets interior. Once the drying cycle begins the liquid cleaning solution evaporates and we are left with a fresh clean helmet, odorless and dry.
Technology that change the world future is Data-Techhnology
Our Solutions & Services: - 1. radar Solutions 2. Avionics 3. Radio Communication 4. surveillance System Solutions 5. Tactical Communications 6. SATCOM Solutions 7. System Integration 8. Cyber Services 9. Air Traffic Management 10. Preventive and corrective Plan Program
Manufacturer of Electronics Components
Inductors, Ferrite Beads, Common Mode Chokes, Connectors, Switches, Transformers and many more
A leader in Geospatial, IT and Program Management services
Innovation is the core of excellence. Since being founded in 2005 by owner Daniel Boshell, XTS has a been providing our customers the highest quality of resources and results spanning Forward Support GEOINT Analysis, Agile Software Development for Cloud applications, and Enterprise Facilitation Support. Here at XTS, we believe in our core values Customer Service, Integrity, Innovation, and Safety. XTS is ISO 9001 certified, holds a TS/SCI facility clearance, and Afghan Business License.
Voodoo Tactical is Australia's leading supplier of military clothingTactical Packs, Hunting Packs, Tactical Gear, Military Bags, Tactical Supplies, Tactical Equipment, Army Packs, Drag Bags, Long Range Shooting Mat      
The World in a Script
Combination of robotics (hardware), security, AI, and data.
Clean Comedy For The Whole FamilyThe Church of Ha - Ministry of Laughter is a non-denominational congregation celebrating our relationship to our higher power through the gift of humor and aughter.   Our goal is to create in environment of fun, healing and laughter with a spiritual undertone. Basically, we're creating a home for cleaner based comedy, humor, entertainment and enlightenment.  Although, it is predominantly stand up comedy, we produce TV and Film projects that are fun for the entire family without being vulgar many with a spiritual undertone.    Our philosophy is "Dirty jokes are like jalapeños, most people don't mind one or two but nobody wants a jalapeño milkshake."
Military-grade solutions to protect critical infrastructure
HiveDefense is an evolving swarm of self-learning bots that collaborate with blockchain to sense and respond to real-time threats to digital and physical infrastructure.
Software Engineering for Mission Critical Project
MOJA supports the U.S. intelligence community and national level decision-makers.
Visual collaboration without the hassle. Save and share any dry-erase whiteboardKaptivo is bringing visual collaboration to the modern enterprise and education system.   Traditional whiteboards are a time-tested method of collaboration and communication. They  are immediate, convenient, and flexible tools that enrich discussion and improve productivity. Presently, there is no easy or cost-effective way to seamlessly transform the traditional whiteboard, which you can buy in any store, to a digital collaboration tool complete with video conference integrations, live-streaming, and saving of every whiteboard image.   The Kaptivo device sits above a whiteboard and automatically captures vibrant, colorful images of important content without the distraction glare and people. 
A Revolution in Affordable Security StructuresThe MMC-3 wall panels are the most cost effective wall systems to protect people and infrastructure. They guard against ballistic, blast and forced entry attacks. With MSE, we provide the elements to create complete security structures without the need for expensive security integration experts. Our listed triple threat performance is supported by the entire system.  Ballistic: UL752 Level-8 (7.62mm Ri e Lead Core Full Metal Copper Jacket)  Forced Entry: 15 min in 4 location, 5 men attack team Blast: 13 PSI or 90 kPa  Each 4m x 4m MSE unit consists of only 4 standard components which connect to each-other like a LEGO set. We use FRBP (Fiber Reinforced Ballistic Polymer) for 95% of the frame structure. This corrosion free material is as strong as steel and three times lighter. The entire MSE unit can be assembled and disassembled in less than two hours by disconnecting our unique internal fastening system. To create larger structures, MSE units can be stacked in all 3 directions. 
Collimated VR/AR 200 deg HFOV Head Mounted Display
The product is a novel optical module that, at least in principle, can be used by other VR/AR Head Mounted Displays to achieve 200 deg HFOV. The module takes advantage of a collimation technique that does not contain any lenses. The concept holds 4 patents.
Global Contract Engineering & Manufacturing Services
Advanced Engineering & Manufacturing Solutions
Document collaboration for large teams
MoltoDS is SaaS document collaboration platform for large teams working on highly technical documents.
We protect people
We are leaders in automated video surveillance for the public safety and security of critical infrastructure. Specifically, we automate the detection of weapons, disturbances and suspicious behaviours within streaming video, to create a 'force multiplier' for security personnel.
Space to Fastest Racing Cars on Earth Manufacturing: 2100% Growth in 4 years Manufacturing for Aerospace, Defense, Racing (NASCAR, F1 ..): Gears and precision machined parts.  Our customers include:  SpaceX, Bell Helicopter, United Technologies, Rolls Royce, Northrop Grumman  NASCAR: Stewart Haas, Hendricks, Penske, Roush, RCR and F1: McLaren (UK) Teams  2400% Growth in 3 Years
Aerospace / Defense Parts Manufacturing, R&DDyad Motor Works is an innovative company that focuses on heavy equipment defense parts and components; as well as, aerospace parts manufacturing and development.  We specialize in supplying obsolete parts that are hard to find while viewing the parts with an eye towards advancement of design, material selection or processing methods.  In an environment with rapid development of new technologies, but slow integration of new products, it is important to maintain existing supply and work development in a practical manor.    Product enhancement and upgrading should not require over inflated budgets and overly extensive development cost and time.  Careful testing and measured integration can co-exist with traditional production supply and maintenance.     
Video Management and Distribution Technologies
Haivision provides end-to-end video streaming solutions for encoding, recording, managing, publishing and distributing secure video content.
Covert Military Asset TrackingThe TriGGR system is a range of bespoke miniature tracking solutions designed to remain undetected and operational when tracking military grade assets.   The series of trackers all incorporate multiple radio systems ranging from GPS to Wifi in order to provide the highest accuracy and best possible recovery rate.  The form factors vary considerably depending upon the host asset however, small size and robust design are common throughout the entire range.
The US Dept of Defense's easy front door for startupsDIUx is a special arm of the US DOD, reporting directly to the Secretary of Defense. DIUx is a bridge between the private innovation world and the public defense world. Our mission is to make it exponentially easier for startups to work with the DOD (and visa versa), from painless customer feedback to rapid contracts for testing and procurement.   Launched in 2016, we've already funded dozens of companies. Average time from first meeting to closing a simple contract is weeks/months, not years.    We publish the kinds of projects we're looking for on our website, or you can tell us what you're working on and we'll let you know if it's a fit.  
Federal Contract Bidding
Varies types of technology related items from servers, desktop computers, laptops, firewalls, switches and other type of networking devices and equipment. These are all for the United States Federal government as they have very large request open for purchase.
High-end solutionsNiord Vendia Consulting is a company focusing on assisting small and medium sized B2B companies and government agencies. The company runs 3 business areas:   Business Area 1 prepares up-and-coming as well as experienced companies commercially and technically in doing business in the military domain B2G and B2B.  Business Area 2 focuses on representing international defence companies in Denmark and Scandinavia. Moreover, B2B partnering in specific business cases and consortium's.  Business Area 3 provides Black Box solutions and consultancy in the field of communications and surveillance solutions (Sea, Air, Land, Space). This business area only addresses security cleared customers.   The company staff consists of 8 people each with an updated comprehensive operational military background. All staff members hold various military degrees and some with academic degrees from MBA to M.Sc. in Computer Science.  Trust, Loyalty, and Integrity are key values for the company.
Our mission is to design and develop custom engineered AI solutions
Our mission is to design and develop custom engineered software solutions to deliver new capabilities using machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Employees serve on the forefront of our nation’s access to space and defense of our nation
Range Generation Next LLC (RGNext) is a joint venture of Raytheon Company and General Dynamics Information Technology (IT) that provides our customers with excellence in range services. Our world-class workforce provides expertise in technical services, engineering, communications, meteorological services, systems operations, maintenance and sustainment, ballistic missile, guided weapon and aeronautical tests and evaluations, cybersecurity, information technology, logistics and many other strategic and specialized business functions.
FPGA Development for the Embedded World. Embedding Technology. Expanding the Future
At Logic Fruit, we specialize in Architecting, Implementing and Validation high-quality real-time high throughput FPGA/SoC embedded solutions. Developing Proof-of-concept (PoC) designs/prototypes real-time data generation, acquisition and analysis. Our engineers have expertise with many high speed protocols and interfaces, including 1G, /10G/40G/100G Ethernet, PCIe(Gen1-Gen5), USB3.0/4.0, CPRI/ORAN, DisplayPort, ARINC818 etc. The team also has deep expertise in Signal processing for wireless and Imaging based solution development. software-defined radio (SDR), as well as encryption, protocol compliance, signal generation, data analysis, IoT technology, and multiple image processing techniques.
Online Course for Women Losing Fear Gaining Confidence through Empowered FreedomOur new online course for women provides extensive interaction helps for developing their own personal protection strategies for home, workplace, driving, shopping and even dating and/or mingling in gatherings where narcissistic or psychopathic personalities prey.  Our customer is every lady who simply desires to enjoy life with fulfilled relationships and wholesome families.  Our ladies are high quality, ambitious, successful women who may be targeted for their generosity and kindness.  Our new product repackages our former persona of Moms & Guns at facebook.com/momsandguns with over 109k fans reaching 1.2 million. By fine tuning our purpose & goals we feel we can reach a class of women online to overcome time constraints helping her as a whole person in this area of personal safety. 
Cyber Security Professional Services & TrainingCyber Governance Cyber Risk  Advisory Services Training Military | National & Homeland Security Designs  Design Services Custom Development
NP org that supports military siginificant others at military installations
We create partnerships with companies like Uber, Hilton, Airbnb and PCS Grades to name a few that provide discounts and prizes for our members. In addition to that, we create team building events to bring the significant others out of their homes and create real relationships outside of social media to start connecting in person again. We do National Free Hugs Day, work with NFL, NHL and Baseball teams, Los Angeles producers for shows, volunteer within the community and do an annual ball gown drives.
Metal Manufacturer for Electronics & Aerospace industry
Precision sheet metal and machining job shop
We build next-generation defense systems to address 21st century threats
Our team combines seasoned aerospace engineering talent and Special Operations combat veterans to address 21st century threats. We embrace the best practices from Silicon Valley innovation such as agile development and deliver breakthroughs in high-power microwave for offensive and defensive EMP and artificial intelligence for enhanced targeting capabilities.
Unstructured data insights through artificial intelligenceAt Spotlight Data we aim to shine a light on structured and unstructured data across organisations. We develop enterprise ready systems that make sense of data, and provide meaningful insights to help improve decision making. Our Nanowire AI platform is split into two components: a modern, user friendly web panel and a scalable pipeline that processes the files. The interface can be used by non-technical staff, and so it can be used by anyone within a business both quickly and efficiently.  Methods we use include Natural Language Processing, machine learning, and clustering - to provide insights into files and documents across large document corpuses, social media, and cloud services. The system can scale to millions of files, and is designed to aid search, understanding, and improve decision making.  As well as file based data we also gather and process streams of data from hardware devices and sensors. Insights such as pattern recognition and anomalies can be found and visualised in meaningful ways ie. heat-maps onto an irregular 3D surface.  We would like to work with more organisations who need to understand the data they hold, and want to expand the system’s capabilities in new and exciting ways. We are interested in partnering with companies, organisations or startups who have novel ideas we can evolve and incorporate into the system.  Areas of interest include audio, video and document classification algorithms. We are the winners of several awards:  ●   Phase 1 SBRI Machine Learning Competition with Innovate UK  ●   Phases 1 & 2 Challenge: ‘Open Source Big Data Insight’
WW3 Assault Rifle DesignMy name is Julian Merghart.  I am the designer of the JM-82 Assault Rifle.   My goal was to create the most reliable and flexible assault rifle ever created.  Patent Pending in the USA and abroad, my wish is to oversee the full testing, licensing, and manufacture of this gun.  Looking for investors that love guns.  Contact:  julianmerghart@gmail.com 
UK Defence and Security Consultancy
Our people are our product!
Creating dangerous drones
Geopolitical situation in the world worsens. Threats of terror attacks grows every day. Therefore, there is a need to seek additional security measures. In order to reduce risky operations of working officers, it is important to combine scientific and technological innovations to create an effective tool to achieve this. The product created during this project increases the likelihood of success in police, special and anti-terrorist forces missions. This tool would allow reaching inaccessible places and fly over areas that are too dangerous for pilots. The user of this system would have tactical advantage and could catch enemies by surprise, it could also provide a necessary support from the air. Using this system would reduce the number of soldiers, officers, civilian injuries and deaths.
Global persistent monitoring services for Energy and Defense using Hyperspectral Satellites
Orbital Sidekick (OSK) provides space-based hyperspectral monitoring solutions powered by Spectral Intelligence. OSK's unique radiometric speciation and change detection capability enables unparalleled target monitoring services for both commercial and defense users on a global scale. OSK's first space-based hyperspectral payload is currently operational on the International Space Station, and the company is on schedule to build a constellation of six nanosatellites by 2021. This growing constellation will enable daily target monitoring of customer assets on a global scale. Other markets serviced by OSK's Spectral Intelligence platform include mining/surveying, agriculture, insurance, defense/intelligence, and countless more.
Bringing comedy shows to the troops overseasSince 1992, Don Barnhart's Battle Comics has been performing and producing comedy shows for the US Military serving around the world.  The Battle Comics - World Tour features some of the top headlining comedians working today going around the world to entertain the men and women serving overseas in the Armed Forces.    Picking up where Bob Hope left off, Barnhart himself, an award-winning comedian, was one of the first group of entertainers to go into Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom.  By sponsoring a Battle Comics - World Tour For The Troops, your company’s name, logo or product will be seen by some of the most appreciative and loyal audiences around the world.  Battle Comics are gearing up to go back into Afghanistan, Iraq and Southwest Asia in March of 2016 as well as Europe and The Pacific later in the year.  Please join us in supporting the troops by sponsoring a tour and bringing a piece of home to those dedicated Americans protecting and serving our country.
Flying Metal Detector UXO's
Air, Land and Sea Drones. For further information, a Non Disclosure Agreement and Non Compete must be signed.
Real-Time AI Powered Video Analytics
IDenTV has developed a suite of Automated Content Recognition (ACR) technologies, that allow us to do real-time video detection. We are focusing this tech on real-time advertisement detection to provide to the TV advertising and TV broadcasting ecosystem. Real-time TV ad data will allow for better attribution, increased transparency (did my ad run when it was supposed to and in full fidelity); improved trafficking and billing, competitive intelligence, etc. Further, unlike our competitors, we do not require any costly production-sized modifications to the videos - like watermarking or encoding - to track videos. We are completely over the top in that sense, and we are doing video fingerprinting at its purest and high-tech form. Outside of the ad-tech space, our technology can be used for anti-piracy and in the intelligence community. Our roadmap also includes the introduction of further specialized features, including facial and object recognition.
Inertial Remote Control                                              INERTIAL REMOTE CONTROL
The X-Box of Live-fire Weapons Training
Our product lines are used by self defense instructors, universities, law enforcement, commercial organizations, and more for competitive drills, high pressure combat training, and general marksmanship training.
Match.com for Government Contracting Professionals
GovBizConnect is the first and only business intelligence and networking platform connecting small and large government contractors. GovBizConnect (GBC) enables users to build tailored business profiles based on capabilities, certifications, past performance, and other criteria. Companies can access GovBizConnect on a subscription basis. The company has been featured in Forbes, Washington Business Journal, Nextgov, Washington Technology, Costco Magazine, and identified as a top 100 GovTech brand by analytics firm Onalytica.
All in one
From firearm accessories to global communication we have access to every product ever made to making them for public and gov
Keep That Shirt TuckedA set of 1 inch, elastic band that clip on to your shirt tail and top the top of your socks or around your foot, that keep your shirt tucked in and looking custom tailored all day.  These are the most comfortable, most durable shirt stays in the world.  Anyone who has been frustrated with having to tuck and re-tuck will get satisfaction from Stay Put Shirt Stays.
Engineering the Future - Turning Science Fiction into Science Fact!	Shiva Science & Technology Group LLC (“Shiva”) is a company which is principally engaged in the research and development of technologies to advance the state of the art or to improve quality of life.  To this end, the principal areas targeted by Shiva's R&D are energy, pharmaceuticals, defense, biotechnology, artificial intelligence, robotics, propulsion, materials science, and nanotechnology.  Shiva then seeks to sell or license the intellectual property developed or develop partnerships with other companies to further develop, or to manufacture, goods based upon these technologies.
Superior blood-clotting product for military / civic use
A new process to produce human thrombin & fibrinogen to meet the demands of the civic & military trauma treatment markets for more effective human blood clotting proteins to control serious bleeding. It can be produced in injectable forms, as a dressing, as a sealant, etc.
freight and military UAVHermes Aerospace is a startup with the aim to design and built UAV for different purpose. In particular we are working on two main projects.  The first project is a military UAV for military support and for evacuation of up to 3 wonded soldiers from the field. The second project is the creation of a freight UAV and we aim to plan the first flight before 2020 (probably 2017 or 2018) with entrance in service the following years. This freight UAV will be able of a cargo capacity of 70 m3 and will have a maximum range of 1200/1400 km. Actually we submitted our designs for reciving patents for using them.  We arranged expenses for buing CAD software and estabilish the company, now we are looking for investors and start to selct materials for the building of the prototype of both the projects. A merketing plan is already ongoing, we are enquiring Private Businesses and Governments about their interest in the product.
Explosive Detection Kit
Explosive Detection Kit detects a broad range (15) of traces of explosives with immediate results. The kit will detect down to 1/1000 of a gram of explosive material. Market is Law Enforcement and Military. Let's not let the threat of terrorism scare us anymore.
South Field is an RF company Specialized in Aerospace and Defense1. Nano Satellite Antennas: We have new types of Antennas for Nano Satellites without deployment systems. Antennas deployment system failure rate is 12%. If this system fails the entire satellite is lost. This means our antennas will save at least 200K€ per satellite. We are offering to our costumers the same performance but a safer product.  2. Corrugated Coaxial Antennas: Our antennas are shorter but have same performance and a great bandwidth. These Antennas are perfect for Airborne applications.  3. New Generation Downconverters. Our Downconverters have up to four coherent channels, great bandwidth and you can configure them using a computer. Markets: Aerospace, defense, Broadcasting  4. Advanced Suspended Substrate Filters: We developed further the mathematics used to synthesize filters so we can make smaller filters but with the same filtering performance.  5. Consultancy Services: Our deep RF knowledge allow us to offer the best solutions to your RF issues. 
Protection device to prevent accidental firearm dischargeThe Trigger Safety Snap is a polymer sleeve that easily snaps over the trigger guard of the firearm providing a protective barrier, keeping the trigger from accidentally being pulled when carried or stored away but can also be deployed in an instant in a tactical environment. The Trigger Sleeve can be used for all different fields, such as Law Enforcement,  Military, Sport Shooting,  Private Owners and Enthusiasts. 
Like a PRO DIY Jersey/Military Framing Kit1)	It’s so easy to assemble/disassemble and set up that even a caveman can do it. No glues, or screws.
 2)	It saves the consumer lot’s of money.
 3)	It’s quick to assemble and disassemble.
 4)	It’s not sewn or pinned in permanently, so it can quickly and easily be removed, worn to the big game/event and then put back in.
 5)	It can be switched around to display the other side for awhile.
 6)	It can now be offered and sold with a shadow box float frame design, or as a stand alone...OR be a wall hanger too!
 7)	NO unsightly coat hanger required. Jersey appears to be floating in thin air.
 8)	Fully adjustable to accommodate any size jersey/military uniform. 
 9)	It’s not flat as a pancake in appearance, but has a thickness to it that looks more natural.
 10)	Though promoted as a Do It Yourself kit, Custom Framers can use it in their business and soon realize how much more convenient, simple, and quick it is to frame jersey/uniforms for their customers.

Government Small business setaside contractsIndustrial Equipment, supplies, Medical instruments, Science Instruments, Safety Supplies, Military armor, Science and Weather Instruments. Shoring equipment.  Some of our recent government agencies that awarded us contracts.
 
 Dept. of Veterans Affair
 Dept. of State
 U.S. Navy
 U.S Army
 U.S Marine Corps
 F.B.I
 MIT Laboratories
 DOE
Well established startup. Great foundationSecure (CAC-enabled) cloud application and system development for NDE – the Navy Development Environment; and Technology Insertion and Technology Transition (TI/TT) as integration experts, tying multiple major  IT systems in the DoD’s integration and consolidation initiatives.
 Our Commercial/B2B marketplace presence includes: design and implementation collaborative .NET secure cloud software development environments; SAP planning and implementation; and GSA Schedule 70-IT acquisition.

Solving the concussion crisis
THERMOCROWN™ is a revolutionary medical device transforming the emergency treatment of traumatic brain injuries. Because THERMOCROWN™ uses focal thermotherapy, the recognized and scientifically-proven therapeutic effects of hypothermia (cooling), to deliver immediate relief from the devastating effects of the trauma, it can be employed to substantially reduce the irreparable brain damage suffered by millions of annual victims of head injuries worldwide.
Military and Law Enforcement Supply
We sell military and Law enforcement equipment. We sell quality product, affordable on OUR salary. Out company began as a means to supply product to fellow police officers at an affordable price.
Extremely portable energy generator
BioBolt is an extremely portable and very durable energy generator that uses either the environment or the user to collect energy to power electronic devices. The product is designed mainly for off-the-grid type applications as well as survival/disaster preparedness applications.
Get a Widescreen View in the dark!
Our 1st product is a Tactical Flashlight that delivers a Widescreen View in the dark, providing a safer evironment for nighttime activities. Law Enforcement Officers, Military & Outdoors Enthusiasts all find this extremely handy and useful, blinding all the bad guys at the same time, exposing hidden dangers, and helping them find people & objects quickly, potentially saving lives.
National Security
My product is my business plan and be found at the link below amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias=aps&field-keywords=The+Path+…
Sky Is Not The LimitAeriCam design and manufacture Flying Cameras and mainly for video and photography industry and now we are branching into our industry and seeking fund to help us to achieve this goal.           We now have 2 prototype products in the working for branching to other markets.  One for Consumers and another for agnencies.     Our current model is the AeriCam X6 Hexacopter and AeriCam VPX  aericam.com/shop/aericam-x6-ready-to-fly aericam.com/shop/aericam-vpx-ready-to-fly 
Smell-o-vision for virtual reality serious games and video games
GameSkunk is an olfactory feedback system that will emit a scent based on game play. It can be used in the video game market, serious game market for treatment of brain disorders and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, virtual reality training, simulators, and the slot machine gaming market. The customers are clinicians, military training companies, and the consumer gamer. Scent is emotional and contributes to immersive game play, hence the use in the clinical market.
Lightweight and Effective Vehicle ArmorPerformance:  Solves some of the largest problems facing military combatants:     Vehicles aren’t disabled  Troops aren’t killed  Fuel economy and range improved  Reduced maintenance and increased manueverability  Higher vehicle payload  Renders most weapons obsolete
Serve underserved markets in rental housing with specific needs of Military Personnel
LIL MAD JANE INVESTMENTS (hereinafter referred to as LMJ) is a Georgia Corporation that has been created to serve underserved markets in rental housing. This company was created with the specific needs of Military Personnel in specific markets. Additionally, LMJ will be addressing the needs of those in Section 8 and Renters with disabilities.
Powering Awareness through Computer VisionQue-A, L.L.C.™ creates purpose built Artificial Intelligence/Computer vision through advanced machine learning and convolutional neural networking.  The capabilities add tremendous value to understand all objects within a full motion video frame or still frame imagery and automatically tag those objects with metadata and indicators.  This allows us to provide near real time intelligence and alerting to our customers in Defense, Telco, Oil and Gas, Mining and other industries to significantly increase awareness by using drone or static sensors collecting surveillance data to provide actionable intelligence that increases confidence in decision making.  Our customers are international and domestic along with U.S. Department of Defense.  Que-A™ is developing cutting edge capabilities and looking for like minded investors to help us achieve our goals.  Currently, we have 3 imminent projects that include Defense, Mining and agriculture.  Copyright© 2018, Que-A, L.L.C.™ All Rights Reserved
A no-code platform for building real-time map centric communication and analytics systems
Hundreds die every year in defence, emergency management and security from the difficulty of communicating spatial (map) information between people in different locations in real-time. zirkarta is a no-code platform enabling enterprises to build their own mobile friendly real-time map centric communication and analytics systems - users can plot life saving information on a map which is visible to all users in real time. It works on any device without downloading any software and automatically captures data as a by-product of its operational use, even without internet. This data can be reused to provide real-time information to external stakeholders, to provide on-call situational awareness to every hierarchical level in multi-tiered organisations and to undertake analytics to automatically generate statistics and reports. It automatically learns through use and works like a spreadsheet except data entry, and subsequent calculations, are made simply by plotting features on a map.
High accuracy navigation solutions for autonomous systems, geo-mapping and asset tracking
Highly accurate inertial navigation systems and services including INS, MEMS and acoustics, integrated by our customers into a range of autonomous vehicles, geospacial mapping solutions, surveying products, asset tracking solutions and more.
We're taking humanity into space as we search for a better future
MoonshotX runs a series of programs designed to help individuals, startups, and organisations create global value through creating new and leveraging existing space technology.
Enhanced Expanding Gas Rifle PlatformEnhanced Expanding Gas Rifle  The EXGR takes the reliability and familiarity of the AR15 platform and enhances it with the best of current industry trends and combines them with modern materials such as aircraft grade aluminum, heat treated tool steels and modern manufacturing techniques to form 'a first of its kind' rifle platform.   A true ambidextrous rifle platform built from the ground up to shed the cumbersome AR15 buffer tube and impeding charging handle to integrate a quick-deployment and folding-buttstock with dual non-reciprocating/self-returning forward charging handles and retains the stoner expanding gas system.  A newly developed manual of arms built around ambidextrous controls, mirrored on both sides of the rifle makes changing shooting hands in the field as natural and intuitive as the enhanced quick-change barrel system integrated into the monolithic upper receiver.  The EXGR not only brings the AR15 into the current century but does what no other has done before.  
Bharat Supply & Support of Military Materials and Equipment Bharat Supply & Support of Military Materials and Equipment "BSS Materiel Limited" has been incorporated and established to undertake Designing, Manufacturing, Assembling and Testing of Small Arms, Light Weapons, Ammunition with introducing advanced, new generation designs and technologies, all types of Unmanned vehicles (UVs), and other vital next generation Communication on the Move (COTM) products and solutions to cater to requirements of the Indian Army, Para Military Forces and other Law Enforcement agencies. It was established in 2016 under the Make in India and Startup India initiatives of the Government of India.   BSS Materiel’s expertise in India includes assistance in formulating response to RFI, RFP, Offsets proposals and setting up Joint Ventures for manufacturing, R&D, assistance in preparation of the commercial bid ensuring highest degree of compliance with the Defense Procurement Policy requirements.
Design production grade RF & Microwave systems with an Allen wrench
We offer the X-MWsystem, a design system and over 2,000 drop-in RF components for designing high performance RF and Microwave systems. It is used for rapid prototyping and industry grade deployment across a wide range of applications from DC - 67 GHz. Multiple blocks can be rapidly combined into a single PCB for high volume production applications. The result is faster time to market and lower cost RF and Microwave design with a higher probability of first pass success.
We build Algorithms and Software for Image and Video Analysis
We build a range of tools from small image processing plugins to large scalable content analysis platforms.
Ridiculously ambitious security company
We provide physical security. This can come in the form of asset protection, sensitive item transport, unarmed and armed security guards, event security, patrols, and a plethora of others security solutions.
Autonomous Security Drone and Shooter DeterrentAeroShield is a drone and AI security company creating a fully autonomous drone that uses non-lethal means to protect communities, businesses, and public events.   Our flagship drone is an armed rapid response drone that locates and neutralizes active shooters in under 30 seconds. The drone is stored in a tamper-proof wireless charging station and deploys upon acoustic activation from a firearm discharge. It's equipped with tasers and a firing mechanism that fires a non-lethal pepper blaster. The drone also performs routine patrol missions such as scanning for criminals, bomb threats, weapons, etc. Machine learning is introduced for capabilities object/facial recognition, threat detection, and path planning.   The drone will curate data from the field for first responders and allow them to inquiry in real-time about anything on-going from the situation. Field intelligence and data collected is processed by our artificial intelligence system.
Technical staffing support for small, medium, and large businesses
We supply talented individuals to our clients. We are capable of contract, contract-to-hire, and direct hire along with new capabilities to offer hourly candidate sourcing for bulk hiring needs.
Technologies to save lives
We are developing a All terrain vehicle for Bomb disposal with a potential of saving 200 + lives during peace time operations.
We are improving situational awareness of teams in hostile environmentsWe are an Australian company building science backed, technology solutions for hostile environments to:   • Improve safety & efficiency of teams  • Give real time analysis of data  • Improve operational awareness at all levels of incident control
Large Bespoke Commercial Aerial DronesAt eirobotix we design, develop, manufacture & operate bespoke large commercial drones (up to 150kg) to meet common industrial requirements but also are engaged in R&D for loftier pursuits.  We are developing technology to allow hover capable rotor drones to operate at high altitudes for extended periods & with high payload capability to offer services in areas currently unpractical for manned aviation such are near the summit of high mountains & beyond. With technology progression this naturally leads to drones capable of operating at ultra high altitudes near the Earth's Stratosphere which has similar atmospheric density to Mars atmosphere which is the ultimate goal.   We also are expanding into the ground rover (wheeled & track types), surface sea vessel & underwater type drones.  At first our products will be low altitude commercial industrial drones for use by corporate clients - this is necessary to build up the business's technical, personnel & financial capability. 
Predictive Intelligence for Interface Excellence
Awayr A.I. saves product teams time and money while helping them build best-in-class HMI that profitably delights users.
