Text
Dropbox
Backup and share files in the cloud.

Dropbox is building the world’s first smart workspace.
Back in 2007, making work better for people meant designing a simpler way to keep files in sync. Today, it means designing products that reduce busywork so you can focus on the work that matters.

Most “productivity tools” get in your way. They constantly ping, distract, and disrupt your team’s flow, so you spend your days switching between apps and tracking down feedback. It’s busywork, not the meaningful stuff. We want to change this.

We believe there’s a more enlightened way to work. Dropbox helps people be organized, stay focused, and get in sync with their teams.

http://dropbox.com
PagerDuty
Notify you about server troubles.

PagerDuty is an operations performance platform delivering visibility and actionable intelligence across the entire incident lifecycle. Their SaaS-based solution empowers over 10,000 small, mid-size and enterprise global customers such as Comcast, eHarmony, Slack and Lululemon with the insight to intelligently respond to critical disruptions for exceptional customer experience. PagerDuty was founded to deliver a new and innovative approach to increase business response and efficiency. When brand reputation depends on customer satisfaction, PagerDuty arms businesses with the insight to proactively manage incidents and events that may impact customers across their IT environment.

http://pagerduty.com
Embark Trucks
We build self-driving semi trucks.

We are a San Francisco based team building self-driving semi trucks. We have raised $117MM in total and are backed by Tiger Global Management ($70MM Series C) and Sequoia Capital ($30MM Series B). We move freight daily between LA and Phoenix using our purpose built transfer hubs. This is an incredibly exciting time for autonomous driving and our team is looking to grow.

http://embarktrucks.com
GoCardless
The first global network for recurring payments

GoCardless is on a mission to take the pain out of getting paid for businesses with recurring revenue.

We’ve created a global bank debit network, to rival credit and debit cards. On top of it, we’ve built a platform designed and optimised for taking invoice, subscription, membership and instalment payments.

We now process over $15bn in transactions a year and we’re proud to count 50,000 businesses around the world as our customers, from small businesses to household names like TripAdvisor and The Guardian.

Our recurring payments platform integrates with the applications businesses use every day, giving businesses more visibility over payments and saving them huge amounts of time on tasks like payment reconciliation. We partner with more than 150 billing and subscription software partners globally, including Xero, Sage, QuickBooks, Zuora and Salesforce.

GoCardless has offices in London, Paris, Munich, Melbourne and San Francisco. We’re backed by some of the world’s leading investors including Adams Street Partners, Accel Partners, Balderton Capital, GV (formerly Google Ventures), Notion Capital, Passion Capital, Salesforce Ventures Y Combinator.

http://gocardless.com
Lattice
Modern performance management software.

Lattice is the #1 performance management solution for growing companies. With Lattice, it’s easy to launch 360 performance review cycles, keep track of OKR/goals, gather real-time feedback, and encourage manager 1-on-1 meetings. Coinbase, PlanGrid, WePay, Birchbox and hundreds of other companies all use Lattice to run performance reviews and help give employees the feedback that they deserve.

https://lattice.com
Xendit
Providing payment infrastructure for Indonesia and Southeast Asia

Xendit provides payment solutions that simplify the payment process for businesses in Indonesia and the Philippines, from SMEs, e-commerce startups to giant corporations.

Xendit provides a secure, easy-to-integrate payment system, and seamless payment experience supported by great customer service. With a diverse range of products, Xendit’s system can accept payments from virtual accounts, credit and debit cards, eWallets, retail outlets, and also online installments.

With our aim to build Indonesia and the Philippines’s payment infrastructure, Xendit is on its way shaping the next generation of unicorns by empowering startups to grow exponentially through the products we offer.

Xendit is licensed and regulated in multiple countries in Southeast Asia


https://www.xendit.co/
Segment
Segment is the analytics infrastructure that helps collect and…

Segment is one place to collect customer data and send it to your tools for analytics, marketing automation, and raw data access with SQL. Implement all of your event tracking with Segment’s single API instead of wrangling a new API for every new tool or database. Segment's integrations let you send your data to hundreds of tools and databases.

http://segment.com
Ironclad
Digital contracting platform for legal teams.

Contracts are business decisions trapped in administrative tasks. Ironclad is software that does all the administrative work better left for a robot, freeing legal teams to do more substantive work and drive business strategy. By automating contracting processes and extracting intelligence from contracts, Ironclad lets legal teams focus on legal work, rather than paperwork. Legal teams at companies like Gusto, HotelTonight, GoFundMe, Glassdoor, Procore use Ironclad to get their contracts done more efficiently and accurately, and to maintain a single source of truth regarding their contents.

Headquartered in San Francisco, Ironclad is backed by Accel, Greylock, SV Angel, Formation 8, and was incubated in Y Combinator. For more information, visit https://www.ironcladapp.com.

http://ironcladapp.com
Razorpay
A full stack payments and neobanking platform for businesses in India

Razorpay was founded by Shashank Kumar and Harshil Mathur in 2015. Razorpay is building a new age digital banking platform (neobank) for businesses in India. Our mission is to enable frictionless banking and payments experiences for businesses of all shapes and sizes.
We started out as a B2B payments company and today, we process billions of dollars of payments for hundreds of thousands of businesses across India. We are the leading payments provider in the country and have been the first to bring most major innovations to market in the past 5 years.
With the launch of RazorpayX, we aim to become a leading provider of banking and payout products to businesses covering the gamut of current account, payroll, vendor payouts and many others. In the past year, the company has disbursed loans worth millions of dollars to thousands of businesses.
Over time the company has developed a stellar track record of serving customer needs from freelancers and small businesses to large scale enterprises.

The company has raised USD $200M+ in funding till date from marquee investors like Sequoia Capital, Tiger Global, GIC, Ribbit Capital, Matrix Partners and many stellar angels.


https://razorpay.com
GitLab
GitLab is a complete DevOps platform, delivered as a single…

GitLab is the first single application for the entire DevOps lifecycle. Only GitLab enables Concurrent DevOps, unlocking organizations from the constraints of today’s toolchain. GitLab provides unmatched visibility, radical new levels of efficiency and comprehensive governance to significantly compress the time between planning a change and monitoring its effect. This makes the software lifecycle 200% faster, radically improving the speed of business.

GitLab and Concurrent DevOps collapses cycle times by driving higher efficiency across all stages of the software development lifecycle. For the first time, Product, Development, QA, Security, and Operations teams can work concurrently in a single application. There’s no need to integrate and synchronize tools, or waste time waiting for handoffs. Everyone contributes to a single conversation, instead of managing multiple threads across disparate tools. And only GitLab gives teams complete visibility across the lifecycle with a single, trusted source of data to simplify troubleshooting and drive accountability. All activity is governed by consistent controls, making security and compliance first-class citizens instead of an afterthought.

Built on Open Source, GitLab leverages the community contributions of thousands of developers and millions of users to continuously deliver new DevOps innovations. More than 100,000 organizations from startups to global enterprise organizations, including Ticketmaster, Jaguar Land Rover, NASDAQ, Dish Network and Comcast trust GitLab to deliver great software at new speeds.

http://gitlab.com/
EquipmentShare
EquipmentShare is the best way to rent, track, and own construction…

EquipmentShare delivers technology-driven solutions for construction industry professionals, and we provide a better equipment rental experience, fleet tracking software and hardware security solutions to help contractors work smarter.

https://www.equipmentshare.com
PlanGrid
We build mobile applications for the construction industry

PlanGrid is the leader in construction productivity software, used on more than one million projects in 84 countries. PlanGrid's cloud-based platform empowers contractors and owners in commercial, heavy civil, and other industries to collaborate easily from their mobile devices and desktop, managing blueprints, specs, photos, RFIs, field reports, and punch lists. With over 100 million digital blueprints on its platform, PlanGrid is also the largest digital blueprint repository in the world.

Founded in 2011, the company was part of Y Combinator in 2012, and has secured over $69 million in funding from Sequoia Capital, Tenaya Capital and several other top firms.

http://plangrid.com
GrubMarket
GrubMarket is today's fastest-growing online farmers' market…

GrubMarket's mission is to conveniently make fresh & healthy food accessible to everyone. We firmly believe that you, your family, and your friends should always have the opportunity to eat well, and that price should never be a barrier between you and healthy, delicious, and freshly-harvested food.

GrubMarket is committed to providing you with the best grocery experience possible, by regularly offering you delicious food at unbeatable prices. We work with a variety of farms and artisan producers to bring you high-quality foods and other items at prices that are up to 50% OFF what you'd typically find at other premium grocers.

GrubMarket is backed by Jerry Yang, the founder of Yahoo, GGV Capital on Sand Hill Road who invested in Square, Pandora and Alibaba, etc., as well as Y Combinator.

http://grubmarket.com
Atomwise
Artificial intelligence for drug discovery.

Atomwise uses Deep Learning Neural Networks to help discover new medicines. Atomwise achieves the world’s best results for new drug hit discovery, binding affinity prediction, and toxicity detection. Atomwise predicts drug candidates for pharmaceutical companies, startups, and research institutions.

http://atomwise.com
Notable Labs
Personalized drug discovery for blood cancer

Notable Labs is building a personalized drug discovery platform to identify treatment options for relapsed and refractory cancer patients — starting with blood cancer — to address the long tail of cancer treatment. We look at a person’s actual cancer cells, test combinations of FDA approved drugs, and see which combinations kill the cancer cells and leave the healthy cells alive. We focus on combinations because cancer is often difficult to target with just one drug and starting with a single drug can lead to resistant clones or relapse. We're building a highly automated lab in Foster City running on our custom software and are currently testing relapsed/refractory cancer patients as well as samples from a variety of pharma/biotech partnerships.

https://www.notablelabs.com/careers

http://notablelabs.com
Helion
Breaking the Fusion Barrier

Helion is developing the Fusion Engine, a near term and low cost solution for clean, safe energy. The Fusion Engine's patented reactor technology is based on award winning and peer reviewed research. Recent technology breakthroughs enable clean fusion energy now.

http://helionenergy.com
Ginkgo Bioworks
Our mission is to make biology easier to engineer.

Ginkgo Bioworks is the organism company. We design custom organisms for customers across multiple markets. We build our foundries to scale the process of organism engineering using software and hardware automation. Organism engineers at Ginkgo learn from nature to develop new organisms that replace technology with biology.

http://ginkgobioworks.com
Front
Collaborative Inbox for Companies

Front powers the heart of business — the meaningful connections between teams and customers that lead to lasting relationships. Bringing email and apps together in a collaborative customer communication platform, Front drives business impact by scaling the natural conversations that create customers for life. More than 6,000 businesses are using Front today to cultivate personalized customer relationships at scale and transform their work into impact. With $138M in funding, Front is backed by Sequoia Capital, and other leading venture capital firms, as well as independent investors including top executives of Atlassian, Okta, Qualtrics, and Zoom.

https://frontapp.com
ShipBob
Providing Amazon level logistics to e-commerce businesses.

Founded in 2014 and based in Chicago, ShipBob is a privately held technology company that offers simple, fast, and affordable fulfillment for e-commerce businesses. As an end-to-end fulfillment solution, ShipBob provides warehousing and package delivery in 1-2 business days, with a network of fulfillment centers across the US. ShipBob’s software combines order and inventory management, customer communication, predictive insights, and optimized shipping for online merchants. ShipBob’s software is also fully integrated with leading e-commerce platforms, including eBay, Shopify, Amazon, Magento, and many more.

http://shipbob.com
SFOX
Crypto-currency trading platform.

SFOX, a YC-backed company, makes it easy for enterprises to trade bitcoin. We started with an advanced trading platform that uses algorithms to provide a competitive advantage to our customers. SFOX now aims to expand international commerce by making it easy to trade any currency and settle in real time.

http://sfox.com
Rigetti Computing
Quantum coherent supercomputing.

Rigetti Computing is building the world’s most powerful computers to help solve humanity’s most pressing and important problems. These systems will perform computations that today’s fastest supercomputers are incapable of — unlocking entirely new classes of problems and offering a direct path to solutions. We are scientists, engineers, builders, and visionaries. We believe quantum computing is going to significantly affect health care, how we treat disease, how we generate energy, and how we feed humanity. Rigetti is the only company deploying full-stack solutions for hybrid classical/quantum computing. Our 19-qubit quantum computer is available online through our Forest platform, and the first commercially useful applications are already under exploration.

We were founded in 2013 by Chad Rigetti, and are located Berkeley and Fremont, California.

http://rigetti.com
ClearTax
Intuit of India.

ClearTax.IN is a product built by ClearSharp Technology Pvt Ltd.

ClearTax is designed for Individuals to prepare and file their Income Tax Returns in the shortest time while maximising their tax deductions. Our aim is to delight our customers with simplicity, accuracy and getting rid of the notion that taxes are complex.

Their team consists of IIT, BITS, Harvard alums and Chartered Accountants. We consult and partner with Chartered Accountants who have more than 30 years of experience in the area of taxation, finance and accounting.

ClearSharp are the makers of ClearTax Enterprise Edition which is trusted by hundreds of Chartered Accountants for large scale tax return preparation and e-filing. ClearSharp is a highly trusted name in the enterprise tax preparation and filing market.

http://cleartax.in
Checkr
We're modernizing how background checks are done.

Since graduating Y-Combinator in 2014, Checkr’s product has shifted the on-demand economy. Checkr’s mission is to build a fairer future by improving the understanding of the past. As a company that provides modern and compliant background checks for global enterprises and startups, Checkr knows first hand how difficult it may be for individuals with prior criminal history to find employment and we want to help provide second chances for the formerly convicted. We encourage qualified individuals with prior criminal histories to apply for any of our roles.

More than 3,000 businesses trust Checkr for their background screenings including Uber, Instacart, Netflix, Zenefits, GrubHub, Home Depot, and more. Checkr is also featured on Business Insider as one of the top startups to watch in 2016 (http://www.businessinsider.com/the-25-hottest-san-francisco-startups-to-watch-in-2016-2016-1). 9

The company is funded by Accel Partners, Google Ventures, Y Combinator and TRowePrice, and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.

Find out more about Checkr at www.checkr.com.

http://www.checkr.com
Unbabel
AI Powered Translation as a Service

Unbabel’s “Translation as a Service” platform allows organisations to remove language as a barrier to world-class customer service and support across all digital channels.

Powered by AI and refined by a global community of tens of thousands of curated bi-linguals, Unbabel delivers professional-grade translations without impacting agent or end-user experience and performance. Unbabel powers exceptional customer service for companies like Microsoft, Logitech, PayPal, Booking.com, easyJet and Oculus.

Backed by Point72 Ventures, Scale Venture Partners, Notion Capital, M12, Salesforce Ventures, Samsung NEXT and of course YCombinator, Unbabel is accelerating the shift to a world where language need no longer be a barrier.

http://unbabel.com
Algolia
Algolia offers a developer-friendly and enterprise-grade search API

Our mission is to make every search interaction meaningful & rewarding, through developer-friendly and enterprise-grade APIs.

Algolia is the leading Search & Discovery API for websites and mobile apps. We help the most innovative companies across e-commerce, media and SaaS industries create powerful, relevant and scalable discovery experiences for their users. Unlike other solutions, our hosted platform reduces the complexities of building and scaling a fast, relevant digital experience and helps teams accelerate development time. More than 9,000 companies like Under Armour, Twitch, Periscope, Medium and Stripe rely on Algolia to manage 50+ billion search queries a month.

Founded in 2012, we're backed by $184M in funding from Accel Partners, Alven Capital, Point Nine Capital and Storm Ventures. The team is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Paris, London, New York, and Atlanta. To learn more, visit www.algolia.com.

---
We’re looking for talented, passionate people to build the world’s best search technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive under autonomy and diversity.

We're committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background

http://www.algolia.com
Weave
Customer Communication and Payments Platform

As the pace of innovation continues, it is growing more difficult to see the value of technology. Often meaningful information is inaccessible at the time it would be most beneficial. Weave threads together data, software and communication platforms to build stronger relationships at the point of contact by making valuable information instantly available in simple and intuitive formats. This delivers improved productivity, better collaboration and greater insights making it easier to meet the needs of patients and to build better business and clinical outcomes.

http://getweave.com
Guesty
The management platform for the short term rental industry

Property Management Software for Airbnb and Vacation Rentals

Guesty is a cloud-based platform, designed exclusively for Airbnb and vacation rental managers. Our property management system was created with one purpose in mind - to tackle the needs of many property managers worldwide. Manage multiple Airbnb accounts alongside 25+ different booking platforms. Guesty’s automation tools, channel management and reporting capabilities allow you to oversee every aspect of your daily operations, manage more properties and keep the same high level of service that your clients are used to. Now, you can do everything on one unified dashboard, inbox and calendar. Our 24/7 guest communication service is also available to screen and support your guests.

Want to learn more about the system trusted by the hundreds of Airbnb property managers and vacation rental hosts that run on Guesty? Request a demo at https://www.guesty.com

http://www.guesty.com
Snapdocs
Snapdocs powers homeownership.

Snapdocs powers homeownership. Using technology, we’re building the connective tissue for an entire pillar of the U.S. economy: residential real estate.

Today, we’re working to perfect mortgage closings, but that’s only the beginning. If we succeed, more than five million families per year will gain clarity and transparency as they make the biggest financial decision of their lives: buying a home. Before Snapdocs, no one felt responsible or empowered to solve the problems we face every day we come to the office.

It's complex and difficult work, and the result is not an app we brag about at tech industry parties. Instead, we're making a difference and carefully building a team that shares our priorities—pragmatism, respect and empathy for our clients, and building honest products that improve all our users’ lives.

http://snapdocs.com
MBX (formerly Memebox)
Beauty/Personal Care

MBX (formerly Memebox) is a multi-brand beauty and personal care startup headquartered in San Francisco. The venture-backed company has raised over $190M in funding from prominent investors, including Formation 8 & Group, Goodwater Capital, Johnson & Johnson, Pear VC, Y Combinator, and other Silicon Valley VCs. Memebox operates a portfolio of beauty and personal care brands that are co-developed with strategic partners like Sephora and Ulta, using data-driven insights to identify white space opportunities in the market. The company’s products are made in Korea, leveraging the latest K-beauty innovations in the formula, packaging, and speed-to-market. MBX has offices in San Francisco, Seoul, Shanghai, and Taipei, and its brands include Kaja, I Dew Care, Pony Effect, I’m Meme, and Nooni.

http://us.memebox.com
Axoni
The global leader in blockchain tech for capital markets

Axoni is a New York-based technology firm that builds multi-party workflows and infrastructure for some of the largest financial institutions in the world. Founded in 2013, the company offers core data infrastructure, application development, and automation tools.

https://axoni.com
Flexport
Flexport's mission is to make global trade easier for everybody. We…

Flexport's mission is to fix the user experience in global trade and bring the world free trade through technology. All of us at Flexport share a vision for a world where any two businesses can trade with each other without regard for geographic distance, logistical complexity, or regulatory challenges.

We are a licensed customs brokerage and freight forwarder built around an online dashboard. Our services include air freight, ocean freight, trucking, fulfillment, and cargo insurance. By automating these services and delivering them through an online dashboard, we’ve dramatically reduced costs and improved reliability.

Our services put clients back in control of their logistics and supply chain needs. We offer faster freight quotes, lower prices, improved visibility and notifications, and advanced analytics. Our team of logistics managers offer world-class customer support to ensure all shipments exceed client expectations.

Backed by Google Ventures, Bloomberg Beta, First Round Capital, Y Combinator and many more, Flexport is redefining how companies manage their global supply chain.

Interested in joining our team? Check out our open job postings!

https://flexport.com
Cruise
Self-driving cars.

Cruise is building the world’s most advanced, all-electric, self-driving car technology to safely connect people with the places, things, and experiences they care about. Self-driving cars will help save lives, reimagine cities, redefine time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for individuals who live in dense urban settings. Acquired by GM in 2016.

http://getcruise.com
Webflow
Professional website design and publishing platform.

Webflow empowers designers, marketers, and entrepreneurs to create beautiful, responsive websites—without writing a single line of code, or relying on a developer.

Its drag-and-drop interface looks, feels, and works like familiar desktop design tools, and writes clean, semantic code any developer would be proud of.

Webflow is backed by Y Combinator, Accel, Silversmith, and other awesome investors.

https://webflow.com
Lob
Lob is on a mission to make the world programmable. We offer two core…

Lob provides the building blocks for developers to automate the offline world. Enterprise companies use Lob’s suite of APIs to mail fully dynamic and personalized customer communications with print media. We provide insight into deliverability with piece-by-piece tracing and utilize our proprietary Print Delivery Network to streamline production across fully redundant nodes all over the country.

Founded in 2013 and based in San Francisco, Lob is venture backed by Y Combinator, Polaris Partners, Floodgate, and First Round Capital.

Find out more about Lob and what we’re up to by following our blog: https://lob.com/blog or visiting our website: https://lob.com.

http://lob.com
Panorama Education
Data analytics for public schools

Panorama is working to radically improve education for all students. We currently serve 11,000 schools and 10 million students.

Panorama helps educators use data to support each student’s needs, and helps leaders build great schools. The platform helps build students' social-emotional skills and get more students prepared for college, their careers, and life.

https://www.panoramaed.com/
Le Tote
Subscription service for women's apparel & accessories.

Le Tote is the leading online fashion service, providing women access to an unlimited, personalized closet of everyday apparel. Its highly analytical, data-driven approach to retail aims to fundamentally transform the next generation of commerce. Leveraging more than 2B customer data points, the proprietary style and personalization engine is fully powered by algorithms, and supported by custom-built, end-to-end technology and logistics solutions.

Le Tote has customers across 48 states in the U.S. and recently launched in China. The company has seen over 300% growth year over year for the past 2 years and has raised more than $60M from top-tier venture capital firms including Andreessen Horowitz, Google Ventures, Y Combinator, Azure Capital and Sway Ventures.

http://letote.com
EasyPost
Shipping API

EasyPost is the missing API that makes it quick and painless to integrate shipping into your application.

Some of the biggest names in retail rely on EasyPost to ship faster, smarter and cheaper. We manage the headaches involved with dated carrier technology so our customers can focus on what makes their business great. Integrate once with EasyPost and seamlessly add carriers, generate shipping labels, track packages in near real-time and insure your shipments.

EasyPost is growing fast! Check out our jobs page and join the excitement: https://www.easypost.com/jobs

http://easypost.com
DoorDash
Restaurant delivery.

Founded in 2013, DoorDash is a San Francisco-based technology company passionate about transforming local businesses and dedicated to enabling new ways of working, earning, and living. Today, DoorDash connects customers with their favorite local and national restaurants in more than 600 cities across the United States and Canada. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash aims to connect people with the things they care about — one dash at a time.

Read more at blog.doordash.com, and find us on Glassdoor.

http://doordash.com
CoreOS
Enterprise Linux distribution that dramatically improves security and…

CoreOS is part of the Red Hat family. A leader in the open source community and an innovator of open source projects, CoreOS creates and delivers critical components for containerized applications that help fuel broad adoption of secure, scalable and resilient infrastructure. The team maintains several open source projects, including: Container Linux: the secure automatic updating OS; and etcd, the distributed data store for Kubernetes.

Join us at https://coreos.com/ and @CoreOS on Twitter.

http://coreos.com
Heap
Heap automatically captures every user interaction in your mobile or…

Heap automates away the annoying parts of user analytics. No manual event tracking. No messy tracking plans. No custom ETL pipelines. Just insights. For everyone on your team.

https://heap.io/
InfluxData
InfluxData is building the platform for collecting, storing,…

InfluxData, the creators of InfluxDB, delivers a modern Open Source Platform built from the ground up for analyzing metrics and events (time series data) for DevOps and IoT applications. Whether the data comes from humans, sensors, or machines, InfluxData empowers developers to build next-generation monitoring, analytics, and IoT applications faster, easier, and to scale delivering real business value quickly. Based in San Francisco, InfluxData customers include Autodesk, Cisco, eBay, and Coupa. Visit https://www.influxdata.com/. Twitter: @influxdb.

https://influxdata.com
Fivetran
Fivetran redefined the data pipeline.Shaped by the needs of analysts,…

Fivetran fully automated connectors sync data from cloud applications, databases, event logs and more into your data warehouse.

Our integrations are built for analysts who need data centralized but don’t want to spend time maintaining their own pipelines or ETL systems. Fivetran connectors deploy in minutes, require zero maintenance, and automatically adjust to source changes.

Fivetran is the epitome of data-driven-development — our engineering team is laser-focused on building world-class products. We emphasize using no-nonsense tools and take great pride in the simplicity and effectiveness of the systems we build.

http://fivetran.com
North
Wearable computing hardware: biosignal gesture recognition

Thalmic Labs is pioneering new ways of interacting with digital devices. With a mission to merge people and technology, the company is revolutionizing how we will interact with technology in the future. Its first product, the Myo™ armband, measures electrical activity in muscles to wirelessly control computers, phones and other digital technologies, resulting in seamless interaction between humans and devices.

Founded in 2012 by three graduates of the University of Waterloo's mechatronics engineering program (Stephen Lake, Matthew Bailey, Aaron Grant), Thalmic Labs has grown to a world-leading team of engineers, researchers, and creators committed to building the future of wearable technology. Thalmic Labs has raised over $140M USD to date from investors including Spark Capital, Intel Capital, Y Combinator, and others.

https://www.bynorth.com
Instacart
The North American leader in online grocery

Instacart is the North American leader in online grocery and one of the fastest-growing companies in e-commerce. Instacart’s same-day delivery and pickup services bring fresh groceries and everyday essentials to busy people and families across the U.S. and Canada in as fast as an hour. Since its founding in 2012, Instacart has become an essential service for millions of families, while also serving as an immediate, flexible earnings opportunity for hundreds of thousands of shoppers across North America. The company partners with more than 350 retailers and delivers from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in North America. Today, Instacart is accessible to more than 85% of households in the U.S. and more than 70% of households in Canada.

https://www.instacart.com
Benchling
Collaboration & data management platform for life science research

Benchling makes life science research faster and more collaborative.

Biotechnology has the potential to solve humanity’s most pressing challenges, such as disease, renewable energy, clean water, and hunger. The brightest minds are working on these problems but they are equipped with archaic tools. We aspire to fix this and increase the rate of scientific output with a web-based platform that allows researchers to design and run experiments, analyze data, and share results.

Thousands of scientists all around the world use Benchling to do research. Whether they are at the world’s largest companies, the top research universities, or working on a startup in a garage, scientists use Benchling for the same reason: to be empowered, not encumbered, by their tools.

http://benchling.com
Zapier
The easiest way to automate your work

Founded in 2011, Zapier has helped over 1.8 million individuals and businesses with their automation needs. The company connects over 2,000 apps to help people be more productive at work, saving customers up to 20 hours per week. By helping to discover and weave together web applications that increase productivity and success, Zapier is changing the way people work.

http://zapier.com
Coinbase
Coinbase is a secure platform that makes it easy to buy and sell…

Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin. Our vision is to bring more innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity to the world by building an open financial system. Our first step on that journey is making digital currency accessible and approachable for everyone. Two principles guide our efforts. First, be the most trusted company in our domain. Second, create user-focused products that are easier and more intuitive to use.

https://www.coinbase.com
Lever
Lever is a Talent Acquisition Suite that combines ATS + Talent CRM

Lever is one of the most recognized brands in talent acquisition software for mid-sized and enterprise companies. Our software enables teams to post jobs, source, interview, and hire top talent. We've combined ATS & CRM into a single platform, Lever Hire. Our Talent Acquisition Suite also includes tools for recruitment marketing and analytics: Lever Nurture, Lever Talent Intelligence, and Lever Data Warehouse Sync. Our customers include Netflix, Mercedes-Benz, KPMG, Spotify, Delta Dental, Cirque du Soleil, and over 3000 other customers.

Lever has raised $73 million in funding from Adam Street Partners, Scale Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, and Y Combinator among others. With an overall gender ratio of 50:50, Lever is also fiercely committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. For more information, visit https://www.lever.co/.

https://www.lever.co/
Clever
Clever is the platform that powers technology in the classroom.

Clever is a single platform for all of your digital learning programs. Founded in 2012, Clever was started by educators and technology professionals who knew that schools, teachers, and students could all benefit from the amazing learning software that was available, but key challenges stood in the way of accessing the technology. Today, half of K-12 schools in the U.S. use Clever to give students and teachers single sign-on access for any resource or file they need, and to automate software account setup and updates for district administrators. Clever gives teachers time to teach, helps districts be better informed, and makes using applications in the classroom effortless.

We are a team of more than 100 people passionate about education. If you feel the same way, you should see our openings at https://clever.com/about/jobs.

https://clever.com
Mattermost
Open source, self-hosted Slack-alternative

SpinPunch makes infrastructure for high performance browser games to rival PC and consoles. Our first titles, Mars Frontier, Thunder Run, and War Star Empire are massively multi-player real time strategy game built in HTML5.

Our backgrounds range from creating Emmy-winning computer graphics and working with Disney, IMAX and NASA, to building world class software in Microsoft Office.

In our spare time, we contribute to the open source community (Linux kernel, ffmpeg video compression), develop visual effects software (used in BattleStar Galactica and Firefly) and avidly play games. We’re founded by alumni from Stanford, Cornell and Waterloo.

http://mattermost.com
Amplitude
Amplitude is the comprehensive product analytics software for web and…

Amplitude provides product analytics that helps companies build better products. Launched in 2014, and backed by IVP, Battery Ventures and Benchmark Capital, Amplitude is the analytics solution of choice for product-led companies who want to understand user behavior, ship faster and drive strong business outcomes. Amplitude customers include Microsoft, PayPal, Hubspot, Autodesk, Booking.com and Twitter.

https://amplitude.com
Twitch
Video game live streaming

Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers. More than 100 million gamers gather every month to broadcast, watch and chat about gaming. Twitch’s video platform is the backbone of live and on-demand distribution for leading video game broadcasters including casual gamers, pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in the gaming community, working to create a participatory experience that transcends gameplay. Learn more at http://twitch.tv.

http://twitch.com
Reddit
The frontpage of the internet.

Founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005, Reddit is an online community where users submit, vote, and comment on content, news, and discussions. Nicknamed "the front page of the internet,"​ Reddit is one of the top ten sites in the United States (source: Alexa), with hundreds of millions of users each month on desktop, mobile web, and our official Android/iOS apps.

Interested in joining our growing team? Check out about.reddit.com/careers

http://reddit.com
Scribd
World's largest online library.

Read and listen without limits. Unlimited* audiobooks, ebooks, and magazines, available anytime and on any device for only $9/ month.

We make it easy for readers to stay informed, discover new passions, and become their best selves. Scribd’s impressive library includes over one million bestselling and award-winning books and audiobooks from the largest global publishers, and articles from leading magazines and newspapers like The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and Newsweek.

No matter what you’re looking for, Scribd is the only reading subscription you need.

Scribd has more than 100 million active users every month and more than 700,000 paying subscribers.

http://scribd.com
Weebly
Web site editing platform. Over 40M people have launched their…

Company Information
Weebly is a consumer service that gives people a surprisingly easy and affordable way to create a site that is as unique as they are. Weebly lets entrepreneurs start something and showcase their work. With a Weebly site, people can communicate with their clients, promote their works to potential buyers, share their story with like-minded people, and be an authority on personal and professional interests.

Weebly offers a range of pricing options, including a free plan and premium plans starting at $4/month. Weebly sites are optimized to work brilliantly across computers, phones and tablets.

Global Growth
Over 20million people around the world have started a site on Weebly
Weebly sites receive over 100,000,000 unique visitors each month
Weebly is offered in 11 languages: English, French, Spanish, Italian, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Chinese, JPese, Russian and Turkish

Weebly is privately funded by Sequoia Capital, Baseline Ventures, Ron Conway, and Y Combinator.

http://weebly.com
Heroku

Heroku, a Salesforce company and industry pioneer in platform as a service (PaaS), enables developers to build and run applications entirely in the cloud, without the need to purchase or maintain any servers or software. Over 5 million apps, including ones from Macy’s, Product Hunt and Citrix run on Heroku. With support for the most popular languages such as Ruby and Node.js, high-scale data services including Postgres, Kafka and Redis, and an add-ons ecosystem featuring over 180 cloud application services, Heroku provides companies from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises with a faster and more effective way to create, deploy and manage apps.

http://heroku.com
MatterPort
Turn physical objects and environments into 3D models in seconds.

Matterport is an immersive media technology company that is shaking up the 3D / VR world. Our team has built the first end-to-end system for creating, modifying, distributing, and navigating immersive 3D and virtual reality (VR) versions of real-world spaces on web and mobile devices. Matterport offers the world's most inexpensive and simplest way to capture 3D spaces.

Our products include:
- Matterport Pro Camera for capturing real spaces in 3D. It collects accurate visual and spatial data to map entire areas in minutes and is all about automation and ease of use.
- The Matterport Cloud for processing and hosting 3D models
- Matterport Portal, our system for viewing, editing, and managing models; collaborating with colleagues; and sharing models with others
- Matterport 3D Showcase, a browser-based 3D media player, which allows anyone to view 3D models in their browser with no additional software
- Matterport Core VR: All Spaces can be converted to VR and experienced on Samsung Gear VR or Google Cardboard (in beta), with additional device support coming soon.

Matterport 3D media solutions power industries from real estate (residential, multi-family and commercial) and travel and hospitality (hotels, vacation rentals, and venue booking), to business listings, architecture, engineering and construction, news and entertainment, and everything in between.

We’re growing fast. If you’re passionate about solving cutting-edge problems in computer vision and hardware design and creating order-of-magnitude improvements in the ability to easily create and share 3D models of real world spaces, we want to talk to you. See open positions at matterport.com/jobs.

Try Matterport for yourself at matterport.com/try.

http://matterport.com
Airbnb
Book accommodations around the world

Founded in August of 2008 and based in San Francisco, California, Airbnb is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique accommodations around the world — online or from a mobile phone. Whether an apartment for a night, a castle for a week, or a villa for a month, Airbnb connects people to unique travel experiences, at any price point, in more than 33,000 cities and 192 countries. And with world-class customer service and a growing community of users, Airbnb is the easiest way for people to monetize their extra space and showcase it to an audience of millions.

No global movement springs from individuals. It takes an entire team united behind something big. Together, we work hard, we laugh a lot, we brainstorm nonstop, we use hundreds of Post-Its a week, and we give the best high-fives in town. Headquartered in San Francisco, we have satellite offices in Dublin, London, Barcelona, Paris, Milan, Copenhagen, Berlin, Moscow, São Paolo, Sydney, and Singapore.

http://airbnb.com
Mixpanel
Mixpanel is the most advanced analytics platform in the world for…

Mixpanel is the most advanced analytics platform for mobile & web. It helps businesses grow by helping them understand how their users behave and use their products by tracking actions people take rather than page views. Mixpanel's mission is to help the world learn from its data.

http://mixpanel.com
WePay
Payments for platform businesses.

WePay, a Chase company, helps online platforms increase revenue through integrated payments processing under their own name.

The company has uniquely enabled more than 1,000 platforms including Constant Contact, GoFundMe, and Meetup to incorporate payments without compromising on their user experience or taking on risk and regulatory exposure. In a mobile world, WePay’s integrations with Apple Pay and Android Pay for the Web help ensure high transaction conversions, while the company’s mobile point of sale (mPOS) solution allows platforms to seamlessly handle in-person payments in addition to online payments. WePay also offers a wide range of add-ons to support platforms’ specific needs.

WePay has earned Inc. 500 recognition as one of the fastest growing private US companies. It has also earned recognition on multiple Best Places to Work lists.

Learn more at wepay.com, or join us at wepay.com/careers.

http://wepay.com
Stripe
Online payments.

Stripe is a set of tools for building and running an internet business. We help businesses accept payments from anyone, anywhere, and build new kinds of companies like Lyft or Kickstarter. Internally, we say our goal is to increase the GDP of the internet---we want to bring more businesses online worldwide.

In everything we do, we put our users first. We work hard to build the cleanest, most robust APIs possible so that our users can focus on building great products. There's always something more we can do---we're constantly seeking out areas of our product we can improve.

We're building a company with folks from all sorts of backgrounds, who make great coworkers and who share and exemplify a few core values: people who are humble, respectful, inclusive, and ready to roll up their sleeves and get important work done for our users. If that's you, we'd love to talk!

Stripe's investors include Sequoia Capital, Khosla Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, and PayPal co-founders Peter Thiel, Max Levchin, and Elon Musk.

http://stripe.com
Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses…

Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life.

Founded in 2011, Gusto provides payroll, benefits and HR to modern companies. We have offices in San Francisco and Denver, but thanks to our 100,000+ small business customers and their employees, there’s a little piece of us in all 50 states.

—

Gusto has offices in San Francisco, Denver, and New York and its investors include Google Capital, General Catalyst, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, and the founders of Instagram, Stripe, Nest, PayPal, Yelp, Dropbox, and Eventbrite, among others.

We are proud to serve over 100,000 customers. To learn more about life at Gusto, visit gusto.com/careers. We're hiring!

https://gusto.com
Optimizely
A/B testing.

Optimizely is the world's leading experimentation platform, enabling businesses to deliver continuous experimentation and personalization across websites, mobile apps and connected devices.

Optimizely enables businesses to experiment deeply into their technology stack and broadly across the entire customer experience.

The platform's ease of use and speed of deployment empower organizations to create and run bold experiments that help them make data-driven decisions and grow faster.

To date, marketers, developers and product managers have delivered over 700 billion experiences tailored to the needs of their customers.

Recognized by the San Francisco Business Times in 2014 - 2016 as one of the “Best Places To Work In The Bay Area,” Optimizely values its employees and offers great benefits including unlimited time off, healthcare coverage, gym memberships and 17 weeks of paid parental leave. Wealthfront also named Optimizely as one of "100 Career Launching Technology Companies."​ Visit our Careers page to find out how you can be a part of this growing company.

Headquartered in San Francisco, Optimizely also has offices in Amsterdam, Cologne, London and New York City.

http://optimizely.com
Grin
Mobility and payments platform for Latin America

A micromobility and payments company focused in Latin America with operations in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Uruguay, Argentina and Peru

http://www.ongrin.com
Docker
App store for server configurations.

Docker is the world’s leading software container platform. Developers use Docker to eliminate “works on my machine” problems when collaborating on code with co-workers. Operators use Docker to run and manage apps side-by-side in isolated containers to get better compute density. Enterprises use Docker to build agile software delivery pipelines to ship new features faster, more securely and with confidence for both Linux and Windows Server apps.

http://docker.com
FutureAdvisor
The online financial management service for everyone. FutureAdvisor…

FutureAdvisor is an award-winning digital wealth management firm serving client households nationwide from our offices in San Francisco. We use software to power a wealth management experience accessible to everyone, at less than half the price charged by traditional firms. Our clients are the mass-affluent investors underserved by traditional financial advisory and wealth management firms.

FutureAdvisor is leading a shift in financial services towards transparency, convenience and inclusion.

FutureAdvisor is looking for engineers to help build better portfolio management tools for everyone. Our unbiased financial advice is giving middle- and working-class families powerful tools they never had access to before, and they're free. If our mission strikes a chord with you, please send us your resume: https://www.futureadvisor.com/jobs

Social Media Community Policy:

Content posted here by third-parties about FutureAdvisor remains the responsibility of the party posting the content, and is neither endorsed by FutureAdvisor nor representative of FutureAdvisor's viewpoints. Any opinions or statements posted by third parties are their own, and may not be indicative of others'​ experience or future performance or success. FutureAdvisor does not endorse or adopt any content on a third-party site linked to from this page. At its discretion, FutureAdvisor may remove any content containing violations of securities regulations; lewdness, personal attacks or obscenity; comments irrelevant to the topic at hand; or unsolicited advertisements and spam.

http://futureadvisor.com
RescaleCloud Big Compute PlatformNext-generation, innovative engineering.  Your ideas aren't limited.  We believe your resources shouldn't be either. 

Rescale (www.rescale.com) provides the largest, most secure, global HPC footprint seamlessly integrated into an easy-to-use platform built for engineers and scientists.

We are always hiring great talent: www.rescale.com/careers

Rescale partners with industry-leading software vendors to provide instant access to a variety of simulation packages while simultaneously offering highly secure, customizable HPC. With platforms optimized for specific workloads, users are able to maximize their resources in an environment that is tailored to their CAE simulation needs. Rescale offers three platforms:

ScaleX Enterprise: Developed with both engineering and IT in mind, enterprise companies use ScaleX Enterprise to transform their IT from rigid on-premise hardware to a flexible, scalable HPC environment with a robust administration portal, remote visualization, and HPC integration capabilities. 

ScaleX Pro: This platform is designed for independent professionals and SMBs to perform complex simulations with increased speed and performance. The platform can be deployed to any organization within minutes. 

ScaleX Developer: This platform is designed for external application developers and software vendors to build, test, and deploy software directly to Rescale's platforms using Rescale's powerful backend. 

Rescale is located in San Francisco and works with users in the aerospace, automotive, energy, life sciences, construction, marine, consumer products, and manufacturing industries.https://rescale.com
Atrium
Modern law firm for startups powered by proprietary technology

Atrium is a new kind of law firm. We serve the startup community in ways our clients want to be served. We are organized like a modern business. We incentivize our team’s creativity and productivity through good management, not the billable hour. We build software to drive efficiency and transparency in our work. We achieve these differences through a technology and operations platform called Atrium LTS, which we co-founded with leading serial entrepreneurs and software developers who share our vision to fix the corporate legal practice.

Please find open jobs here: https://www.atrium.co/careers/

http://www.atrium.co
Presto
Tablets on restaurant tables, so guests can order, pay and play games…

Presto, developers of the PrestoPrime™ EMV Terminal and Presto EMV System, leads the table-top dining revolution with its guest-facing, pay-at-the-table, e-commerce system. Installed in over 1,800 restaurants across the nation, including Applebee’s (a division of DineEquity, NYSE:DINE) and selected Outback Steakhouse Restaurants (a division of Bloomin’ Brands, Inc., Nasdaq: BLMN), the Presto System enables restaurant guests to take greater control over their dining experience by allowing them to order from a full menu, play exciting interactive games, and pay their bill directly from the table. The PrestoPrime EMV Terminal also provides operational and financial benefits to restaurant operators which drives increased profitability, and unlocks restaurant data that was previously inaccessible, enabling smarter decisions around guest satisfaction. Presto’s new dual processor, secure PrestoPrime EMV system is software compatible with the current generation Presto System - more than 90,000 of which are at work every day in more than 1,800 restaurants across the United States - and includes twice the memory and four times the flash storage of the current generation, and a securely partitioned payment module that enables point-to-point encryption (P2PE) security, EMV, and multiple forms of payment, including PIN-entry payment, Magstripe, and NFC capability for contactless payment systems such as Apple Pay and Samsung Pay.

Collapse

http://presto.com
GOAT Group
GOAT Group represents the leading platforms for authentic sneakers,…

Operating two distinct brands – GOAT, the global platform for style and Flight Club, the original sneaker consignment store – GOAT Group has a global community of over 25M members across 164 countries. The greatest selection from the past, present and future are displayed on company-operated mobile apps, e-commerce sites and retail stores. Through its innovative technology and service, GOAT Group has changed the landscape of commerce, converging the primary and resale markets.

We are backed by some of the leading names in venture capital including Accel Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, Matrix Partners, NEA, SV Angel, Upfront Ventures, Webb Investment Network and Y Combinator.https://goat.com/

https://www.goat.com/
Newfront Insurance
Newfront (W18) is the modern insurance brokerage that leverages…

Newfront (W18) works with many fast-growing companies. Our brokers have handled insurance for Uber, Zenefits, Segment, Optimizely, and hundreds of YC companies. We never charge extra fees and make the process super easy.

If you already have coverage, we can review it and find you savings/gaps. It's free and instant to move coverage over if you want a more streamlined experience and we even notify your prior broker of the change.

https://www.newfront.com/
Standard Cognition
AI-powered checkout for retail

Standard Cognition is an artificial intelligence platform that allows buyers to grab what they want without having to go to a cashier.

https://standard.ai
Lambda School
We train people to be software engineers for free in exchange for a…

Lambda School is a full computer science education that's free until you get a high-paying job.

We invest in our students, train them for free, and take a portion of income if they get a job above a certain threshold. If they never make above that threshold or don't get a job in the chosen field, they never pay us a dime.

https://lambdaschool.com
PAYFAZZ
WeChat Pay for Indonesia

PT Payfazz Teknologi Nusantara ( PAYFAZZ ) is a financial technology development company addressed at Jalan Yado 3 No C1, Kebayoran Baru, North Gandaria, 12140 South Jakarta, DKI Jakarta. The technology developed by PAYFAZZ is an agency-based financial platform that is a payment solution for Indonesians, especially people who still do not have bank accounts or unbanked . PAYFAZZ ensures that the technology developed is guaranteed security because it has been using the security system in the form of GeoTrust SSL , User ID and Password .

PAYFAZZ is committed to providing the best financial services technology by working with leading Indonesian partners from Banks, Providers of PPOB, E-commerce , Sales Agents and Alliances, and Financial Institutions. The details of our partners can be seen more fully through the services and products we provide.

http://www.payfazz.com
Fivestars
Customer loyalty and payments platform for small businesses.

Fivestars is a leading payment and customer loyalty platform for small local businesses. Our mission is to help businesses and communities thrive by turning every transaction into a relationship.

Since launching in 2011, Fivestars has become a rewarding platform with 60 million users discovering and driving sales to 14,000+ small businesses. We help drive over $3 billion in local sales per year. More than 1 million people sign up monthly to support the local businesses that make our neighborhoods great.

The company is backed by Lightspeed, DCM, Menlo Ventures, HarbourVest, and others.

Together, let’s #LoveLocal. Visit www.fivestars.com for more information.


http://fivestars.com
Brex
Brex is rebuilding B2B financial products

Brex puts startups in business. We are backed by Ribbit Capital and Y-Combinator.

http://brex.com
Ridecell Inc.
Ridecell helps companies build and operate profitable mobility…

Ridecell helps companies build and operate profitable mobility businesses, including digital sales, private leases, short-term subscriptions, digital access to commercial fleets, and shared mobility for consumers. With the company’s High-yield Mobility™ SaaS toolkit of intelligent software, business services, and ecosystem partners, Ridecell customers maximize three key profit drivers: customer experience, fleet utilization, and operational efficiency.

Founded in 2009, today, Ridecell powers some of the most successful mobility services in cities across Europe and North America. These services include KINTO Share from Toyota, ZITY from Ferrovial and Groupe Renault, and Gig Car Share from AAA.

Ridecell is headquartered in San Francisco, California, with more than 170 employees in offices across the globe. For more information, visit www.ridecell.com


https://www.ridecell.com
Faire
Faire is a marketplace empowering retailers to discover and try…

Faire is an innovative online marketplace that uses machine learning to match local retailers with the brands of products that uniquely fit their stores. We are using the power of technology to connect brands and boutiques from all over the world, building a thriving community of over 75,000 small business owners.

Our mission is to empower entrepreneurs to chase their dreams. We believe entrepreneurship is a calling. It’s a way of life that offers people a level of autonomy and fulfilment that’s become difficult to find elsewhere in our economy. Most of our customers have left behind jobs they hated to take a chance on themselves. We want to make sure their boldness and self-belief gets rewarded.


https://www.faire.com/
Rippling
Rippling makes it unbelievably easy to manage your company's HR and…

Rippling automates new-hire onboarding tasks that HR, IT and Finance departments do in a company. We aim to be the system of record for the company's employee information, by winning at on-boarding. This would allow us to build a platform layer where anyone could build an enterprise app. Small businesses would buy it from Rippling and roll it out to their company.

Parker Conrad (CEO of Rippling), had previously started Zenefits - which was the fastest growing company in history (0 to $50M in 2 years.) The founders have experience in the domain. The product is growing quite fast (10x revenue in 2018) and already has a high Net-Promoter score. We have raised $60M so far. Our last funding round was led by Kleiner Perkins.

http://rippling.com/
HelloSign
The #1 eSignature Software for Small and Mid-Market Businesses.

We believe that the way business gets done today is broken. That’s why we’re dedicated to simplifying work for everyone - from small startups to large enterprise companies. Millions of individuals and over 65,000 companies world-wide trust the HelloSign platform – which includes eSignature, digital workflow and electronic fax solutions – to automate and manage their most important business transactions.

With a sharp focus on user experience and a lust for innovation, HelloSign is on a mission to Simplify Work.

https://www.hellosign.com
MessageBird
MessageBird is an API for sending Text, Voice & Chat messages. We…

MessageBird is on a mission to modernize and simplify the overcomplicated space of customer communication. As the only leading cloud communications platform with its own telecommunications carrier infrastructure, MessageBird connects over 15,000 enterprises to their global customers via the fastest and most reliable SMS, Voice and Chat APIs in the world.

Today MessageBird is powered by a world-class team of over 20 nationalities from offices in Amsterdam, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney, London, Hamburg, and Shanghai. In October 2017 MessageBird announced a $60M Series A funding led by Accel, marking the largest Series A raised by any European software company or Y Combinator graduate to date.

http://messagebird.com
Proxy
Reinventing identity

Founded in 2016, we’re on a mission to create an identity signal for every person on the planet and making it universally accessible, secure, and private.

https://proxy.com
SingleStore
The Cloud-Native, Operational Database Built for Speed and Scale

MemSQL is The No-Limits DatabaseTM, powering modern applications and analytical systems with a cloud-native, massively scalable architecture for maximum ingest and query performance at the highest concurrency. MemSQL envisions a world where every business can make decisions in real-time and every experience is optimized through data. Global enterprises use the MemSQL distributed database to easily ingest, process, analyze, and act on data in order to thrive in today’s insight-driven economy. MemSQL is optimized to run on any public cloud or on-premises with commodity hardware. Visit www.memsql.com or follow us @memsql.

Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised over $100M from top investors including GV, Accel Partners, and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more.

If you want to work at a company that celebrates diversity, innovation, leadership, and creativity every day, check out our openings at https://www.memsql.com/careers/.

https://www.singlestore.com
Quero Education
Quero is an online marketplace for college programs in Brazil. It…

Quero is an online marketplace for college programs in Brazil. It helps students search, compare and enroll in programs in over 1200 partner colleges, saving money on tuition.

Follow Us:
facebook.com/queroedu
instagram.com/queroedu
twitter.com/queroedu
quero.education/carreiras

http://querobolsa.com.br
People.aiPeople.ai harnesses business activity to unlock growthSome of the world’s fastest-growing companies rely on People.ai. Zoom, Datadog, PagerDuty, Twilio and TripActions have all been included in the Forbes Cloud 100 List, and we are proud to have helped them get there. Revered enterprises such as Cisco and PTC also rely on us to drive their critical sales and marketing initiatives.  

As we look toward the future, we see People.ai at the intersection of three critical trends that are reshaping business. These include the rise of the digital enterprise, the use of AI to drive better decision making and the empowerment of people to generate greater value for customers.  People.ai allows enterprises to transition from analog to digital business by automating the ingestion of go to market data from primary sources like email systems.  We then use AI to translate this information into recommendations (a kind of virtual co-pilot) that help sellers and marketers deliver more engaging customer experiences that translate directly into revenue and margin growth.  In the process, we eliminate the toil associated with manual data entry.  This frees employees to focus on high value endeavors like relationship building and innovation.  

People.ai stands alone in our ability to harness business activity to unlock growth for our customers.  We’ve won 39 patents and have an additional 51 under review. We’ve also received validation via Gartner’s Hype Cycle for CRM Sales Technology 2019, inclusion in Forrester’s New Wave (expected publication Fall 2020), and rankings on the 2019 Y Combinator Top Companies List and the Forbes AI 50 list.

As companies navigate the uncertainties of the current environment, the platform that we deliver has become more integral to their success. From monitoring and coaching remote sales teams to equipping marketers with employee sourced contacts that can be used to power virtual ABM programs, People.ai enables the remote workforce.  

We believe that as traditional business models give way to new paradigms, companies who embrace the opportunities that emerge will dominate the next era. People.ai is well poised to power a new generation of companies and the innovation they will drive.https://people.ai
Scale AI
API for Training Data

Scale's leading data annotation API combines machine-learning and humans to solve annotating training data for the industry's largest self-driving and computer vision companies including Cruise, Alphabet, Voyage, nuTonomy, Embark, DriveAI, Starsky and more.

http://scale.com
Flutterwave
We help businesses to make and accept payments from anywhere in Africa

At Flutterwave, we are on a mission to build payments infrastructure to connect Africa to the global economy.

We do this by building technology, tools, and infrastructure for businesses and banks who want to provide a more seamless and secure payments experience for their customers. Founded in 2016 by a team of African finance and technology veterans from Standard Bank, Angela, PayPal, Google Wallet amongst others.

Flutterwave has grown to become one of the fastest growing payments companies in the world. Since inception Flutterwave has processed close to $2 billion in payments and 25 million transactions across over 33 African countries where it currently operates.

It has attracted significant investment from experienced Fintech investors such as Ycombinator Continuity Fund (investors in Stripe), Greycroft (investors in Braintree and Venmo), Greenvisor Capital, Omidyar Network, and Glynn Capital amongst others. In 2017 Flutterwave was named Africa’s best fintech company at the Apps Africa Innovation Awards.

https://flutterwave.com
Zeus
Tech-enabled property manager focused on corporate rentals

https://zeusliving.com/
Athelas
Rapid blood diagnostics through deep learning. We're primarily…

Rapid Immune monitoring through Deep Learning. https://athelas.com

http://athelas.com
The Athletic
Subscription sports media.

The Athletic (http://theathletic.com) is a subscription-based media publisher of smarter sports coverage for die-hard fans. Founded in 2016, The Athletic’s full-time writers, alongside talented contributors and freelancers, have produced thousands of in-depth articles for subscribers free of ads, pop-ups and auto-play videos. With coverage in 27 markets and counting across North America, readers can count on in-depth, authentic storytelling written by talented local and national sports journalists like Ken Rosenthal, Pierre LeBrun, Seth Davis, Stewart Mandel, and many more.

The company is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, and is backed by The Chernin Group, Comcast Ventures, Amasia, BDMI, Advancit Capital, Y Combinator (S16) and other venture and media investors. For more information, visit The Athletic’s blog: https://theathletic.com/blog

https://theathletic.com
Meesho
Meesho is the largest social commerce platform in India and…

Meesho is the largest social commerce platform in India and Indonesia, enabling anyone to start online stores without any investment. Meesho has enabled 4M+ entrepreneurs to start social stores on WhatsApp, Facebook and Instagram over the last 3 years.
Funded by Naspers, Facebook, Sequoia Capital, SAIF Partners, Venture Highway, Shunwei and Others

http://www.meesho.com
ZeroDown
ZeroDown is creating a new pathway to homeownership by letting…

What used to be an integral part of the American Dream, or at least a check mark on the way to adulthood, is now well beyond reach for many of us. And nobody bears the brunt of the current housing crisis more than young folks, who, compared to their parents and grandparents, find themselves saddled with more debt and in possession of fewer assets.

But it doesn't have to be this way.

At ZeroDown, we're driven by the radical idea that professionals with steady jobs and healthy finances should be able to afford homes - even in San Francisco. That's why we've come up with an alternative to the rent-or-own dilemma, offering the benefits of homeownership with the flexibility of renting. Here's how it works:

1. ZeroDown buys your home
Choose any home on the market. We'll make an all cash offer on your behalf.

2. Build towards ownership
A portion of your payment goes toward building ownership in your home.

3.You control when you buy
Put the purchase-credits that you've built up towards buying your home from ZeroDown.

https://zerodown.com/
garten
We create workplace wellbeing

We're a YCombinator S16 and YCG F19 company and our vision is to become a complete wellbeing platform for companies and in the process empower people to live healthy and blissful lives. Our initial focus is on cleaning up the unhealthy, highly processed foods in companies. We have built a sophisticated tech stack utilizing AI and IoT to enable a flexible supply chain, being completely asset lite, and full wellbeing analytics. In a few short years we have opened a dozen cities across the U.S. and work with some of world’s top companies such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Kaiser, Stanford, Stripe, Nike, Lyft, and many more. The market opportunity is enormous and we've been more than doubling YoY.

https://garten.co/
Vidyard
Video for business

Vidyard is The Video Platform for Marketing, Sales & Secure Communications.

Vidyard is the easiest way to create, host, and share videos so businesses can keep connected with customers and colleagues.

Want to learn more? Visit our website, and check out our 6-minute demo: http://ow.ly/q7hz30jMDd6

http://vidyard.com
Rappi
Rappi delivers in minutes groceries, cash, clothing, burgers and…

Rappi is a mega high growth, Series B, consumer tech StartUp looking to be the everything store of Latin America. We are a marketplace that connects users who want to purchase prepared foods, groceries, clothes, and more with contractors who fulfil them. Think of Rappi as a Doordarsh meets Delivery meets Instacart. We are venture backed by top VCs in the world including Sequoia, DST, Andreessen Horrowitz and YCombinator. Management consultant skills are highly valued and one of the founders and three of the company's top leaders are former top tier management consultants. We are across Argentina, Brasil, Mexico, Colombia and are aggressively growing in these markets and all throughout LatAm.

http://www.rappi.com
GitPrime
Visibility and analytics for software development leaders

GitPrime analyzes a team’s codebase to quantify engineering progress. For example, GitPrime can identify engineers who are stuck or bogged down with refactoring, and quantify the amount of effort spent paying down technical debt.

There's nothing to set up and no change in workflow. GitPrime provides analysis on your codebase to highlight work patterns, identify team- and developer-specific areas for improvement, and offer concrete data to stakeholders on engineering progress.

https://gitprime.com
Boom
Mainstream supersonic passenger airplanes

Boom was founded on the philosophy that we need to overcome the challenges of passenger supersonic flight, not surrender to them. Our vision is a world that is more local, enabled by affordable high-speed transportation.

Boom is based in Denver, Colorado, where we are designing, building, and flight testing history’s first independently developed supersonic jet. Virgin Group has signed up to be the launch customer, with options on the first 10 aircraft, and Boom has announced partnerships with suppliers including Honeywell and The SpaceShip Company.

The Boom’s world class engineering team comes from places including SpaceX, Boeing, Gulfstream, Virgin Galactic, Scaled Composites, NASA, and Adam Aircraft.

We have uniquely challenging and world-changing opportunities for the most talented aerospace engineers, designers, and business people.

https://boomsupersonic.com/
Relativity Space
Building humanity’s multiplanetary future.

Relativity is building humanity’s multiplanetary future. We invented a new approach to design, build, and fly our own rockets, starting with Terran 1 – the world’s first entirely 3D printed rocket.

As a vertically integrated technology platform, Relativity is at the forefront of an inevitable shift toward software-defined manufacturing. By fusing 3D printing, artificial intelligence, and autonomous robotics, we are pioneering the factory of the future. Disrupting 60 years of aerospace, Relativity offers a radically simplified supply chain, building a rocket with 100x fewer parts in less than 60 days.

We believe in a future where interplanetary life fundamentally expands the possibilities for human experience. Our long-term vision is to upgrade humanity’s industrial base on Earth and on Mars.

http://relativityspace.com
SendBird
SendBird is the world's no1. chat API for mobile apps and websites.

At SendBird, we are building the most scalable and powerful chat API in the world. We have customers from over 150 countries around the world serving a truly wide-range of use cases across communities, marketplaces, on-demand services, games, and e-commerce.

We are working with the leading customers in major industries such as NBA, Yahoo!, Reddit, Gojek, Delivery Hero, and have raised $102M in Series B funding from ICONIQ Capital and Tiger Global Management.

https://sendbird.com
NURX
Nurx is the fastest way to get oral contraceptives and Truvada for…

Nurx is a telemedicine startup focused on increasing access to healthcare, starting with birth control and PrEP services.

https://www.nurx.com/
Podium
Podium is an interaction platform for local businesses.

Podium is an interaction platform for local businesses. Podium modernizes the way business happens locally with products designed to help businesses be found, chosen, and gain insight into their customers’ experience. By conveniently facilitating millions of customer interactions, such as driving customer-generated online reviews and providing improved customer communication tools, Podium serves 150,000+ users across nearly 19,000 local businesses.

Headquartered in Lehi, Utah, and founded in 2014, Podium is currently backed by Accel, Summit Partners, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Y Combinator.

https://podium.com
Sift
We use machine learning to power Trust & Safety for thousands of…

Sift Science is a Series D company that facilitates the largest trust network of online businesses and consumers on the internet.

The Sift Science Trust PlatformTM uses real-time machine learning to accurately predict which users businesses can trust, and which ones they can’t. The upshot? Consumers know which companies they can entrust with their personal and financial information. And businesses can customize each user's experience based on their trust score – which leads to more revenue, higher conversion rates, and less fraud and abuse. Try it for free or learn more at https://siftscience.com

https://sift.com/
Focal Systems
Building the Operating System for B&M Retail using Deep Learning

Focal Systems deploys small, inexpensive shelf cameras that take an image once an hour to detect out of stocks with Deep Learning Computer Vision. This automates huge swaths of labor and increases on-shelf availability which increases sales. We have now achieved 3 national rollouts and are beginning our Series B in Dec, 2020.

http://www.focal.systems
Mio
Mio powers seamless communication between workplace chat apps.

Mio powers seamless communication between Slack, Microsoft Teams & Webex Teams. The Austin, Texas-based company was founded by Tom Hadfield and James Cundle in November 2015. M.io has raised $12m from investors including Goldcrest Capital, Eniac Ventures, Two Sigma Ventures, Khosla Ventures, Y Combinator and Capital Factory. Ready to sync your teams? Learn more and get started at https://m.io/

http://m.io
Daily
The world's best API for real-time video: add video calls to your app…

Daily is the developer platform for real-time video. With just a couple lines of code, you can add 1-click video calls to any site or app — in minutes, with features across use cases, on a global infrastructure. Developers can create custom video UI/UX with our front-end libraries and REST APIs.

https://daily.co
Petcube
Petcube is on the mission to improve lives of pets and pet owners…

Petcube is a company reimagining pet care, and using technology to keep people connected with their pets. Its first product, Petcube Camera, is an interactive pet monitor with real time video and built-in laser pointer. It allows pet owners to watch, talk to, and play with their pet from their smartphone, no matter where they are.

Founded in Kyiv in 2013, Petcube was funded on Kickstarter and became one of the most successful crowdfunding pet products in history. Since graduating from the prestigious Y-Combinator incubation program, Petcube has gone on to launch two additional products, Petcube Play and Petcube Bites, as well as a cloud video recording service, Petcube Care. Petcube products are available online and in stores including Brookstone, Best Buy, and Petco.

http://petcube.com
Outschool
Marketplace of live online classes for kids

Outschool is the community marketplace of live online classes for K-12 children.

Classes meet via group video chat and offer a level of accessibility, collaboration and personalization that is unmatched by other online or offline educational options:

● Accessibility – Classes are accessible anywhere and the cost is split between students.

● Collaboration – Students learn with a teacher and peers rather than studying on their own.

● Choice – Students choose from teachers across the world and from a huge range of topics, schedules and levels.

Parents use Outschool to accelerate their children's learning in core subjects, fill in gaps in their knowledge, or pursue interests in topics that aren't covered in regular schools.

Outschool classes are offered by independent teachers, cover all subject areas, and are attended by children in every state and 24 countries. See the full range of options here: https://outschool.com/listings

Learn more at https://outschool.com/about

http://outschool.com
Mason
Mason is elastic mobile infrastructure -- like AWS but for…

Our goal is to empower companies to build, deploy, and scale next generation mobility solutions. We do this by providing end-to-end control over connected mobile products including the hardware, the OS, provisioning, deployments, updates, and connectivity.

Companies launch and scale cutting edge mobile products that are built and managed on Mason’s mobility infrastructure (hardware + software + connectivity).

HARDWARE
Secure dedicated devices and accessories provided at OEM pricing. Offerings includes:
>> Phones and tablets
>> Accessories (mounting solutions, cases, barcode scanners, credit card readers, etc.)

SOFTWARE
The tools your developers and IT team need to build and support your mobile products over their entire lifecycle. These tools enable you to:
>> Build a custom Android OS in minutes without touching source code
>> Full control over app and OS deployments or updates

CONNECTIVITY (optional)
Bundled LTE connectivity ensures your devices are always connected

http://www.bymason.com
MagicBus
We make vanpooling easy for everyone. In the process we help…

We make vanpooling easy for everyone. In the process we're helping companies and employees take cars off the road and save time that would otherwise be wasted behind the wheel.

http://www.magicbus.io
Tovala
Tovala makes home cooking effortless by pairing a countertop smart…

Tovala is a Chicago-based food-tech company with a smart, countertop steam oven that is paired with a weekly meal delivery service.

http://www.tovala.com
iSono Health
AI-powered platform for Accessible and Personalized Breast Health…

The iSono Health platform combines automated 3D ultrasound technology with cloud computation and artificial intelligence to empower women and their physicians with early detection and monitoring of breast cancer. Our patented compact ultrasound scanner captures 3D images through automatic scanning of whole breast volume in 1 min. The device connects to a smartphone/tablet/laptop and is controlled by our mobile app. The data is transferred to a secure cloud for image processing and storage. Our machine learning algorithm uses acoustic biomarkers to identify abnormal masses. Our platform’s automated operation and software expands ultrasound use in point-of-care diagnostics as well as monitoring of breast health at home, walk-in and mobile clinics.

iSono Health offers women and healthcare providers :
Safety: No Radiation
Actionable Feedback with AI
Fast: 2min Scan
Easy to Use

http://www.isonohealth.com
GetAccept
Track, engage & eSign all your sales and business documents with…

GetAccept is the solution you need to reach the full potential of your sales process. We are reinventing the Document and eSigning Workflow through intelligent automation, personalized recipient engagement, and the easiest digital signature on the market. GetAccept helps you create and send documents that stand out against your competition.

GetAccept is an electronic signature and document tracking platform, but for the closing stages of your sales cycle. Combine document tracking with eSigning and use machine learning to predict the next action needed to get the document signed.

Enterprise features include video-introduction, automated live-chat, connected calls, and deal based display remarketing.

https://www.getaccept.com
AlphaFlow
AlphaFlow is a technology-driven investment manager.

Access. Transparency. Technology. Founded in 2015, AlphaFlow is a technology-driven investment manager providing professionally managed portfolios of real estate loans. We make the $75 billion fix-and-flip industry accessible to institutional investors. With the recent launch of our new platform, TITAN, we’ve opened up our institutional platform to smaller investors.

As a result of leading with technology and data analytics AlphaFlow is able to provide transparency & speed at a rate our competitors can’t. We partner with non-bank real estate lenders who provide 6-12 month bridge loans on single-family and small multifamily properties by purchasing their loans thereby helping them grow their businesses.

AlphaFlow uses software to streamline and automate today’s manual workflow and our engineering team is constantly developing simple and elegant solutions to further automate a manually intensive industry.


http://www.alphaflow.com
Chatfuel
Platform to easily create chatbots to engage with audiences on…

We are the largest platform for building bots on Facebook Messenger. Bots are pieces of software that help automate communication with humans through messaging applications. Since messengers have become the most heavily used mobile apps, bots have emerged as effective instruments that are changing the world of digital marketing. Our customers use bots for sales and marketing funnel automation, lead generation and nurturing, customer support and communication.

Chatfuel’s bot creators range from small and medium businesses to the world’s most recognizable brands. Some of our largest customers include Adidas, T-Mobile, TechCrunch, LEGO, Golden State Warriors, and many others.

http://chatfuel.com
Yardbook
Marketplace & Software Revolutionizing Yard Care

At Yardbook we know how proud you are to own and operate your own landscaping business. We also know how challenging it can be to make sure everything is running smoothly. With this in mind we are pleased to offer our free software for running landscaping businesses!

Yardbook is designed to provide an end-to-end solution in helping businesses with a multitude of roles such as creating schedules, estimates, completing invoices, payments, timesheets and so much more.

Since we launched a little over a year ago, over 7,000 businesses in the US are now powered by Yardbook. During that time we have processed millions of dollars in invoices and helped owners, like you, organize their many administrative responsibilities.

If you’re still using paper and pencil, or juggling between many different systems or spreadsheets in order to stay organized, give Yardbook a try today!

https://www.yardbook.com
VINEBOX
Wine by the glass, at home

VINEBOX is a premium wine-by-the-glass subscription service. Each month, our subscribers receive 3 single-serving portions of wine to taste, share, and enjoy. Only order more of the wine you know you love!

This is not your standard vino.
Each VINEBOX contains 3 tubes of exceptional wine curated by our team of specialists from around the world.

We simplify wine.
With our easy to follow tasting notes, you'll never be stumped by a wine list. Learn your favorite varietals and regions through tasting experience. We include only the info you want, nothing you don’t.

Never forget a wine again.
With access to your VINEBOX history, you see every wine you’ve ever tasted, with notes, ratings, & reviews!

Something for everyone.
Whether you’re a wine connoisseur or novice, VINEBOX will introduce you to new wines, new vineyards, and a new way to enjoy wine. VINEBOX also makes the perfect gift for birthdays, corporate gifting, celebrations, dinner parties, and random Tuesdays.

http://www.getvinebox.com
Stilt
We use technology to extend credit to immigrants. Our first product…

Stilt is a Y Combinator backed (W16) financial services company focused on immigrants. We use proprietary and public data sources to predict creditworthiness of immigrants with limited or zero credit history.

We are backed by fintech investors including Y Combinator, Hillsven Capital, Petrushka investments (early backer of Lending Club, Zillow, Check, Pets.com), and CEOs of billion-dollar fintech companies. We are at an inflection point in the company's journey and looking for someone to lead our paid marketing efforts.

http://www.stilt.com
Stealth Worker
Information Security (Cyber Security), Compliance and Privacy (GDPR &…

We have hundreds of fully qualified and experienced contractors in Information Security, Cloud Security, Privacy and Compliance available at competitive hourly rates.

https://www.stealthworker.com
Deepgram
Speech AI API for large scale, fast, and accurate voice transcription…

Deepgram has reinvented Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) with a complete, deep learning model that allows companies to get faster, more accurate transcription, resulting in more reliable data sets — on-prem or in the cloud. And we do it all with lower hardware and usage costs so we’re a hell of a lot more scalable than big tech players.

Deepgram is an NVIDIA partner and a Y Combinator company.

https://www.deepgram.com
SOUNDBOKS
We're creating the loudest battery-driven speaker on the market

SOUNDBOKS is a Copenhagen-based, Y Combinator backed, hardware start-up developing and selling the world's loudest battery powered speaker.

SOUNDBOKS was founded in 2015 by three young Danes who shared the same love and passion for music, amazing parties and festivals. Today, SOUNDBOKS is Scandinavia's fastest growing hardware start-up delivering speakers to happy customers all over Europe & North America. In March 2016, SOUNDBOKS launched the most succesful Danish Kickstarter Campaign of all time!

We are a young, ambitious team ready to take on the challenge of becoming the number 1 brand for outdoor audio and provide world-class service to our customers.

JOIN THE PARTY, JOIN SOUNDBOKS.

http://soundboks.com
Modern valves for HumansOver 10% of the US suffers from bad valves in the veins of legs and advanced vein disease, with no option for replacement. Innovein (YC W16) addresses this unmet medical need with a minimally invasive valve for the veins.   As people age, valves in the veins of their legs begin to function poorly. This allows blood to build up by the ankles due to gravity, leading to pain/swelling of the feet, skin discoloration, and ultimately open wounds by the ankles.  The beachhead market is the treatment of vein ulcers (google image), which are open wounds by the ankles. Millions of US patients are affected by the condition, have no definitive cure, and spend billions annually on just managing the condition.
Technology Education Summer Camps
The World's Trusted Technology Education Provider for Kids, Teens and Parents
AI coaching and training platform for call centersWe’re building the AI coaching & training platform. Our platform offers one place to get visibility into sales calls and to provide coaching to reps. Our customers plug into VoiceOps and immediately have a world-class coaching infrastructure at their fingertips.  Founded in 2016, we're proud to work with the leading companies in insurance, mortgage, travel, and education. We’ve got incredible investors supporting us like Bain Capital Ventures, Accel, Founders Fund, and Y Combinator. Our team has been featured on Forbes 30 Under 30, highlighted by Inc., Business Insider, Huffington Post, Venture Beat, TechCrunch. Our team includes graduates from Harvard, Yale, and MIT, a Fulbright scholar, and the 2017 North American debate champion.  We’re growing fast and are hiring to build a world-class team. Email us at jobs@voiceops.com to learn more.
A full-stack neural interface companyBIOS combines neural engineering with AI to use the nervous system to enable more effective treatments for a range of chronic conditions. BIOS is positioned to be the platform on which a new generation of AI treatments can be built so that we can help billions of people suffering from chronic disease to improve their quality of life.   Team: Founded by Cambridge University PhD researchers with backgrounds in biomaterials and machine learning & neural systems. Our team includes experienced medical device engineers, clinicians, and machine learning & neural-processing researchers. Our advisors founded & exited 8 companies in both the healthcare and technology sectors.
Build better video: We’re building the future of online video infrastructureMux is an API-first video platform designed to make world-class video streaming and analytics possible for every development team. Self-optimizing videos take the guesswork out of encodings, delivery, and renditions. Mux makes your video look beautiful on every device, every time.  Mux Video is a simple API to advanced video streaming. Post a video or live stream with a single API call, and watch it within seconds. Mux Video handles the encoding, storage, and delivery. This real-time data is used to create the right renditions for every device and title, resulting in better viewer experiences.  Mux Data is a Quality of Experience analytics platform that measures the performance metrics that actually matter to viewers: rebuffering, startup time, video quality, and errors. Our intuitive dashboard quickly gives users the insight to find issues and make improvements through features like A/B testing, industry-wide scores, alerts, and detailed information about every single video view.
Try new things. Be adventurous. Be present for daily moments of Joy
Founded in 2015, Joymode is a Los Angeles based startup company that raised over $14 million in funding recently. Joymode is a company that allows users to do almost anything without buying the necessary equipment. Examples include deep cleaning, sports and camping and other items. Subscribers can pay a low price of $22 to $29 per month to rent out items every week. A good example are things you would not be able to afford, use once or something you do not have the room for. You can pick up items from their warehouse or you can have everything shipped to you for $20.
Linkedin for Software Engineers
Triplebyte is a hiring marketplace used by companies like Apple, Dropbox, Stripe and Instacart to hire the best technical talent. Triplebyte was recommended as the best way to hire technical talent at a CTO summit organized by First Round Capital: "Triplebyte has garnered a following. It's a service that helps candidates take coding quizzes that qualify them to connect with a number of jobs. As an employer, there's an advantage, because you only have to pay per hire you actually make." firstround.com/review/the-best-advice-we-overheard-at-first-rounds-cto-unconf…
Creative Agency for Top StartupsWe help startups build and grow great products and businesses.   Our team has built websites and web applications with over 3,000,000,000 (yep, three billion) pageviews from scratch.   We've also launched funded startups and built essential tools for companies like Foursquare, Squidoo, CollabFinder, Google Labs, Google Cardboard and others.   Let's build fantastic tools together.  
Skillshare is an online learning community for creatives
Skillshare is an online learning community with thousands of inspiring classes for creative and curious people, on topics including illustration, design, photography, video, freelancing, and more. On Skillshare, millions of members come together to find inspiration and take the next step in their creative journey. We are backed by Union Square Ventures, Spark Capital, Amasia, Spero Ventures, and Burda Principal Investments. Skillshare is committed to building a diverse team that reflects a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We’re proud to be recognized as one of the five best places to work for women by Bpeace. We work to ensure a consistent interview process, fair compensation, and inclusive work environment for all.
The UK's most popular exam preparation app, used by half of GCSE and A Level students
Gojimo is the UK's most popular exam preparation app, used by half of GCSE and A Level students. The app was acquired by the Telegraph Media Group in 2017.
Drive Anywhere
Skurt is shaping the future of mobility with the fastest, most convenient way to book a car and have it delivered right to you, wherever you are.
We're building a people-centric personalized platform for flexible hourly workNEXT is applying data science and machine learning technology to solving the hourly labor staffing problem prevalent in restaurants, retail and hospitality.   We solve the problem of ensuring that the right number of people work the hours needed to meet forecasted levels. This critical issue is not addressed by hiring, onboarding and scheduling tools.  By driving both labor cost reduction and revenue growth, marquee brands adopting NEXT are seeing measurable profitability increases. The promising results are generating positive referrals enabling NEXT to scale rapidly across the United States.    We're earnest about listening to feedback, whether it be from users or the mountains of data that we generate and collate.  We're building a people-centric personalized platform for flexible hourly work that's well suited to today's changing landscape with a growing millennial workforce, rising wages and new regulations. We're growing and we've a long way to go. Join us on our mission.
Quantifying Language for Modern Healthcare CompaniesRoam is building the natural language processing infrastructure for modern healthcare systems.   Solving healthcare’s most complex problems requires a data-driven approach. Understanding patient population trends, predictive modeling, and leveraging data to inform treatment choices all call for sufficient clinical data as inputs. However, overall data quality in healthcare today is poor and focuses on structured data from electronic health records, medical/prescription claims, and others. Structured data represents only a small fraction of what is available to be analyzed.  Modern healthcare companies spanning biopharma, hospital systems, and payers use Roam's technology infrastructure, tooling, and resources to make use of their language data. Our platform is designed and built to enable rapid specification, development, and deployment of world-class natural language processing systems that help healthcare companies quantify language data to make more informed business decisions.
We are the next everything store of Latin AmericaRappi is a mega high growth, Series C, consumer tech startup looking to be the everything store of Latin America. We are a marketplace that connects users who want to purchase prepared foods, groceries, clothes, and virtually anything with independent contractors who can fulfill those needs.  Although we are a new company and we truly live the startup reality, we are already operating in Colombia, México, Brazil, Argentina & Chile and we want much more.   We are constantly looking for innovative people who are willing to be challenged on a daily basis in order to build and shape a new reality in LatAm. We truly believe that by uniting diverse and bold people with a common objective we are able to do the impossible, together.
Flexible housing
Sublet, get out of your lease or find a flexible place to live.
At-home health testing in minutes (YC S16)
Luminostics has built a smartphone adaptor for at-home disease testing and health monitoring. Our product platform enables the 15-minute detection and/or quantitation of targets such as bacteria, viruses, hormones and proteins from a variety of liquid samples. A user will simply (i) add a small liquid sample to a single-use cartridge, (ii) load the cartridge into a phone case-like reusable smartphone adaptor, and (iii) press a button on an app to obtain a result in a few minutes. Luminostics' technology is based on light-emitting nanoparticles that can be super-sensitively detected using a smartphone camera after excitation with the phone's flash.
Learning-as-a-Service
Edify builds pioneering learning programs. Our initial product, MusiQuest, is a creative new way to learn music that is accessible, enriching, and FUN. Check it out at musiquest.com!
Lawn care, made easy. (YC S14)As a home owner: It’s difficult to find a skilled lawn service. It often takes multiple phone calls, days of waiting, and an in-person appointment just to get a quote for your  yard.  As a lawn professional: Finding new customers can be challenging, and most lack modern field service software to help streamline their businesses.  We are a marketplace that pairs skilled, experienced lawn pros with home owners, while also helping pros better leverage technology in their business.
Palantir for the blockchain
Software to monitor, investigate and locate users of bitcoin and other blockchain-based digital currencies.
Business Analytics for Data-Driven ExecutivesFor fast-growing tech companies that require data to accelerate revenue, InsightSquared is a sales performance analytics solution that quickly delivers pre-built reports on every major sales metric. Unlike spreadsheets, InsightSquared's visual, maintenance-free reports and dashboards provide a custom lens into real-time sales results.  InsightSquared's cutting edge data intelligence features include:  -Activity Tracking -Data Quality Monitoring -Sales Forecasting -Employee Scorecards -Ratios & KPIs -Nightly Status Emails
A professional chat platform for the innovation economyVentureApp is the online community for professionals who want access to their local innovation economy.   Users can discover and learn about professional networks and influential people in their local community, strengthen their network by following and participating in meaningful conversations with industry leaders, and stay informed about news and events by following public chats between influencers and experts.  VentureApp launched in September 2015 with a focus on connecting professionals to enable innovation and drive economic growth. Headquartered in Boston, VentureApp is backed by Accomplice, Boston Seed Capital, Fullstack Ventures, and a roster of angel investors from companies like DraftKings, HubSpot, DataXu, Techstars, InsightSquared, and more.   ventureapp.com
We're building the future of identity online
We're building the future of identity online and we want you to come help us. A better identity experience solves problems for businesses that build digital products and the individuals that trust them. For businesses, our solutions help reduce fraud, increase user adoption, and keep sensitive information safe. For individuals, we refine often complicated security systems into frictionless, near magical, experiences driven by design research and attention to detail.
X.ai meets Pinterest to streamline planning everyday eventsConnect is an AI planning platform to streamline realizing everyday events.  We give urban millennials juggling busy schedules one place to search and save places to go, events to attend, and people to see - and effortlessly turn them into amazing plans.   From grabbing lunch with colleagues, to catching an evening jazz show, to crafting the perfect double date, Connect automates and optimizes the planning process to make realizing everyday events seamless.   Highlights:  - In Private Beta on iOS and Android, and testing with 20,000 users   - Showing early Product Market Fit: 21%+ 14-day retention; .28 K*Factor  - Built Patent-Pending "Idea Ingestion Engine" that scrapes/compiles event recommendations from online publishers  - Acquired Gary Vaynerchuk backed AI startup  - Built partnerships with CondéNast and influencers (30M+ followers)  - Same SF-based team that saw the last Connect app to 1.3 MAUs/5M users  - Reactivating past 5M users and starting Marketing Feb. 2017
Connecting Food Companies with Millennials to Drive SalesLoveWithFood.com is a marketing and analytics platform that's disrupting the $60B snacks industry. Think marketing + survey monkey for organic or all-natural CPG brands.   Our platform combines big data, e-commerce, online/offline advertising channels with a monthly sampling subscription service to create a new innovative distribution and marketing channel to reach consumers nationwide and collect useful quantitative and qualitative data for food brands. For $10/month, our sampling subscribers receive a box of 8+ surprise organic or all-natural snacks at their door each month. These subscribers are genuine leads for these food brands.  We make at least 30% margin on every transaction.   For every box delivered, a meal is donated to food banks across America. In less than 18 months, LoveWithFood.com has donated more than 100,000 to food banks all across America.
Offering the best possible customer experience through real-time business messagingIntercom is the world’s first customer platform helping internet businesses accelerate growth.  Thanks to the internet, the way people communicate is drastically different than it was 10, even 5 years ago. Messengers like WhatsApp have become the preferred mode of communication in every aspect of consumers’ lives, and now that switch is happening with businesses too.  Intercom builds a suite of messaging-first products that all modern internet businesses can use to accelerate growth across the customer lifecycle- from acquisition, to engagement, and support.  Today more than 25,000 businesses, including New Relic, Sotheby’s, and Shopify, use Intercom to connect with a billion unique people worldwide.
The fastest, easiest way to plan travel
Hipmunk is a consumer-oriented online travel company that focuses on the visual organization of flight search results. Hipmunk simplifies travel reservations by giving flights and hotels agony and ecstasy ratings, and even airbnb results and train routes.
Helping paraplegics walk again
Ekso Bionics™ is a pioneer in the field of robotic exoskeletons to augment human strength, endurance and mobility. The company first developed a “wearable robot” called HULC for military applications, and has evolved the technology for the medical rehabilitation field. The company’s commercially available product called Ekso™, has enabled over 500 wheelchair users to stand and walk. Please visit our website at eksobionics.com to learn more.
Student mobile engagement platform (SMP) for Higher educationReady Education is the leading student mobile engagement platform (SMP) for higher education institutions. We help education institutions improve communication and engagement on campus. Used by over 350 colleges & universities in 5 countries, we are building the mobile layer for education similar to how LMS companies provide the web/content infrastructure for campuses.  We help students: 1) Access content and services  2) Plan and self regulate 3) Communicate with peers  We help institutions: 1) Improve engagement and retention 2) Provide a personalized experience to improve student outcomes 3) Provide big data and efficacy analysis.
Apps for your carAutomatic connects your car to the rest of your digital life.   The Automatic adapter plugs into just about any car to unlock the data hidden in your car’s onboard computer. The free mobile app pairs with the adapter via Bluetooth to diagnose engine problems, display trip logs and mileage, and even call for help in a crash.  Automatic also works with dozens of 3rd party car apps featured in the Automatic App Gallery. Whether you expense your mileage for work, geek out over your car’s performance and driving stats, or want your car to connect to the rest of your digital life, there’s an app for you.  We're a well-funded startup with about 50 employees. Learn more at automatic.com.
HIPAA Compliance Made Easy. (Techstars Austin)Accountable is a platform designed to help organizations manage HIPAA compliance. Our software as a service provides all of the necessary tools and resources to maintain compliance, not just for doctors and hospitals, but for all organizations that are now required to be HIPAA compliant under the new regulations.  From policies & procedures to risk assessments and employee training, Accountable covers everything that companies need to become and stay compliant.  Having Accountable's support enables users to spend less time creating policies, procedures and documentation while also tracking compliance.  Legislation passed in 2013 greatly expanded the reach of HIPAA, necessitating compliance for not only hospitals and doctor’s offices, but more generally, any organization that touches or exchanges protected health information.The result of the newest generation of HIPAA related regulations, is a number of firms previously not subject to HIPAA requirements now seeking to become compliant.
Dine without waiting for the check**Now part of the Velocity family but growing quickly and looking for people excited to join the expanded team!**  Cover lets you enjoy your meal without having to wait for or worry about the check. It's Uber's payment experience, for restaurants.  We're live in New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and growing rapidly.  Download Cover on iOS and Android: paywithcover.com/download
Mobile-First, Cloud-based Presentations 10x faster, 10x more beautiful
Haiku Deck is mobile-first, cloud-based presentation software that makes it 10x faster to create decks that are 10x more compelling. We have productized the best practices of presentation experts to make it easy for small businesses, sales people, trainers, teachers, and students to create decks that look professionally designed. At the core of our app is a powerful image search engine that helps users find the perfect Creative Commons license images to illustrate key ideas.
Whitepages Inc. is a global leader in digital identity verification. Our solutions include Whitepages Premium for consumers and Whitepages Pro for businesses. Whitepages Premium provides consumers access to U.S. public records to verify contact details, mobile numbers, bankruptcy history, criminal records, and more to facilitate trusting interactions in today’s sharing economy. Whitepages Pro provides businesses with global identity verification solutions via enterprise-scale APIs and web tools to help companies identify the legitimate customers from the fraudulent ones. 
Welcome to the StoryverseWe’ve built a discovery platform based on data we mine from books. Our partners include the world's leading publishers—Random House, Simon & Schuster, Hachette, Harper Collins and Penguin.   Say you’re reading High Fidelity. It’s loaded with great music and you want the entire playlist. You’ll find it here. You’ll also find every other book that features the same music. We unlock experiences from inside books, making movies, music, food, travel and beyond immediately discoverable and consumable.
Divide makes BYOD mobility easy, secure and delightful for IT and employees
Divide makes BYOD mobility easy, secure and delightful by providing a cloud-managed, encrypted container that protects business apps and data while giving users privacy, control and enhanced productivity. Divide’s extensible BYOD platform combines the security and manageability that IT demands with a wonderful user experience for employees, complete with a full suite of well-designed business apps.
Total Weather Insurance (TWI) is The Climate Corporation's flagship full-season weather insurance program.   At the heart of TWI is the company's technology platform, which ingests weather measurements from 2.5 million locations and forecasts from major climate models on a daily basis, and processes that data along with 150 billion soil observations to generate 10 trillion weather simulation data points used in the company's weather insurance pricing and risk analysis systems.
Manage multiple social networks, connect with customers, and grow your brand on social media
Hootsuite is the most widely used platform for managing social media, loved by over 10 million people around the globe and trusted by more than 800 of the Fortune 1000. With Hootsuite, brands harness the power of social. Our platform brings together your social networks and integrates with hundreds of business applications. It’s the one place to build customer relationships, listen to the needs of the market and grow your revenue.
Experience a new era of medical care and doctor-patient relationships
Circle Medical (YC 2015) is a full stack primary care medical practice, paid for by your insurance. Patients use an app to scan in their insurance card and book and appointment with a doctor of their choice. Patients with Aetna, Anthem Blue Cross, Blue Shield of California, Cigna, Health Net or UnitedHealthcare pay just their standard copay.
Human-assisted AI helping businesses grow online
B12 is a people-powered AI startup that designs professional websites and helps businesses grow online with built-in tools like SEO, email marketing, blog posts, online scheduling, and more. We are redefining web design by building beautiful websites in a quarter of the time. B12’s human-assisted AI platform cuts time and cost, allowing our designers to focus on more meaningful work. In less than two weeks, you’ll have a professional website that evolves with your business and helps drive its growth.
Structured online training programs in software development and design
Acquired by Thinkful in 2018, Bloc was the first online coding bootcamp. Today, Bloc offers career-minded adults remote training programs in software development and design. Bloc programs are entirely online and highly structured, with project-based curriculum vetted by hiring managers, and guidance and support from experienced professional practitioners in the field. In 2014, Bloc raised a $6M Series A investment led by Shasta Ventures and joined by acclaimed seed investors Harrison Metal, Baseline Ventures, Learn Capital, and First Round Capital. Not everyone can quit their job to sit in a classroom to acquire the skills they need, so we've committed to offering an online alternative that is just as effective and more accessible. No prior development or design experience is required to enroll in Bloc, but a strong desire to learn and take on challenges will be important in your success!
Crafting the future of brand to consumer relationshipsVotion is a SaaS company that provides Interactive Content experiences that can be run in all channels.   EMAIL: In email we help increase open rates and CTRs while proving a fun experience for an audienc  SOCIAL: In Social we help spark social conversations around content and topics that users are interested in sharing.   WEB: And in Web we provide a seamless destination on mobile & desktop on every device that looks great, engages the user, and provides our clients with valuable data.   Votion Campaigns can be set up in minutes by non-technical teams.
The smartest way to feed your company. Your one-stop solution for catering and snacksAt ZeroCater, we believe food is one of the easiest, and most effective, ways to build culture in an office. We make it easy for companies to feed their employees delicious, family-style meals and keep exciting snack programs fully-stocked with variety and rotation. ZeroCater has successfully launched our core product, Managed Catering, into 6 markets and are excited to offer Snacks + Beverages to clients in San Francisco. With our $12M in Series B funding, we plan to expand Snacks and Catering nationally to new enterprise and Fortune 500 clients. ZeroCater is changing a $169 billion industry and continues to sustain year over year growth.  Founded in 2009, ZeroCater currently serves the San Francisco Bay Area, New York City, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Austin.  Check out our company profile on Workatastartup:  workatastartup.com/directory/171
Empowering brands to deliver data-driven, personalized customer experiences, everywhereSimon Data is building a next-generation customer experience.   Data is the heart of a modern marketing organization, but making customer data actionable is still a challenge. Simon’s customer data platform allows businesses to unify all their data and execute cohesive personalized campaigns across every channel by integrating seamlessly with every tool in the marketing tech stack. ‘   - Unify all of your data - Create, deliver and measure cohesive personalized messages across all channels - Experiment and optimize to drive results    Simon sits on top of your marketing tech stack , giving you the ability to create a bespoke single customer view that incorporates all of your customer data. . Simon then allows you to execute data-driven workflows and triggered messages across all of your marketing channels in a single cohesive voice.
Instantly book quality home services in Korea (YC S16)miso.kr Mission: To bring our customers more moments of happiness. Vision: To bring a hotel like experience to our home  [Miso builds technology that brings joy to our lives] We let our customers schedule and book cleaning services through our website and mobile apps for IOS and Android. Our customers pay online and review the cleaners after each booking. By focusing on quality control, Miso cleaners have an average rating of 4.5 out of 5. There are no membership fees for either the cleaners or the customers. According to the OECD, South Korea ranks 3rd in the world in terms of hours worked annually. And after working long hours, the last thing anyone wants to do is clean.  [This is an exciting time for Miso] Miso is already the number 1 home cleaning O2O service in Korea. We are expanding into new business areas like pet services and moving in pursuit of our goal of providing more moments of happiness in customers’ homes.
Powering People‑Based Marketing Across the Open Web
OpenAudience is the people-based marketing platform for the open web. OpenAudience allows publishers to gain insights about their audience and rethink how to value consumer attention. OpenAudience allows marketers to plan and buy with ease and performance across the open web, across all screens. The first of its kind capability to unlock walled garden advertising efficiency and ease across the entirety of the open web has been engineered around three core pillars: privacy, knowledge and performance. People first, reaching every digitally addressable adult across every device, screen and household on the open web. Clients work with OpenX because of our commitment to quality, our ability to deliver highly efficient and scalable marketplaces and our superior partner service. We are ranked as one of the cleanest supply sources for high-quality inventory in the world across both desktop and mobile app. Investment in high-quality teams and technology enables us to transact ever increasing value for clients as the industry expands to new platforms and screens.
Building local communities through newsHoodline covers street-level news where people live, work and play in San Francisco, using a special blend of journalism and technology.   We now have one of the largest audiences in the city, with more than 300,000 mostly local readers per month. Our freelance editorial network gives us feet on the ground to cover stories in each of our 30 city neighborhoods. Our content management system, city data tools, and other products help us break news and tell the most relevant local stories at scale.   We have new monetization insights. We're providing better local context to rental and real estate sites via tailored Hoodline neighborhood news and information widgets.   This gives prospective buyers and renters a deeper sense for the neighborhood and happenings around any listing.   We're also launching a neighborhood membership program that gives readers special access to events, menu items and deals, and sends more foot traffic to local businesses.   More details in our deck below.
We're building wearable technology for the industrial workforce
Kinetic is an award-winning startup building wearable technology for the industrial workforce. Our experienced team is backed by top tier VCs and insurance companies who share our passion for better predicting and reducing workplace injuries. We are dramatically scaling up our operations, and will be multiplying by 10 the number of devices in the field over the next 6-9 months. Our technology is making sure the front-line workers that physically support our economy get home injury free and protected from COVID-19.
Jobs
View all jobs
A largest global marketplace for teaching and learning online
With a mission to improve lives through learning, Udemy is the largest online learning destination that helps students, businesses, and governments gain the skills they need to compete in today’s economy. More than 35 million students are mastering new skills from expert instructors teaching over 130,000 online courses in topics from programming and data science to leadership and team building. For companies, Udemy for Business offers an employee training and development platform with subscription access to 7,000+ courses, learning analytics, as well as the ability to host and distribute their own content. Udemy for Government is designed to upskill workers and prepare them for the jobs of tomorrow. Udemy is privately owned and headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Denver, Brazil, India, Ireland, and Turkey.
India's favourite online shopping destination!Hello!  It's nice of you to take the time to get to know us better. Here are some things about us that we thought you might like to know.  Flipkart went live in 2007 with the objective of making books easily available to anyone who had internet access. Today, we're present across various categories including movies, music, games, mobiles, cameras, computers, healthcare and personal products, home appliances and electronics, stationery, perfumes, toys, apparels, shoes – and still counting!  Be it our path-breaking services like Cash on Delivery, a 30-day replacement policy, EMI options, free shipping - and of course the great prices that we offer, everything we do revolves around our obsession with providing our customers a memorable online shopping experience. Then there's our dedicated Flipkart delivery partners who work round the clock to personally make sure the packages reach on time.  So it's no surprise that we're a favourite online shopping destination.
Healthcare services marketplace and platform for consumers and providers
Orchestra One is Shopify for healthcare. For clinics, it captures lost revenue by streamlining payments, monetizes previously free tele-medicine and reduces no-shows with smart scheduling. For patients, it solves their top three healthcare complaints: scheduling, communication and payments.
Take control of your money
Truebill develops a mobile app that helps consumers take control of their financial lives. Truebill leverages AI to analyze users’ spending habits, identify inefficiencies, and take action to ultimately improve their financial health. The app allows people to optimize their spending, manage subscriptions, lower their bills, even set aside money to reach their savings goals. We're founded by successful veteran entrepreneurs and are backed by YCombinator, Social Capital, and other great investors.
Awesome razors sent right to your door for a few bucks a monthDollarShaveClub.com sends awesome razors right to your door for a few bucks a months.  No more over-paying for brand name razors.  No more forgetting to buy them at the store.    "Shave Money.  Shave Time."  Major Product, Brand & UI/UX overhaul coming Feb 2012
Style Ordered In. Stylist brings 20 items to your home and styles you in less than 1 hour
Skip straight to the best parts of shopping and get style ordered in. Fill out a fun profile and Boon + Gable will hand pick 20 items for you and bring them to your home. Just give us an hour. Pay for what you keep. Forget about the rest. Saving time is always in fashion. #styleorderedin
Personalized eCommerce, featuring touchless fulfillment – starting with fresh groceriesHDS Features  Powered by our two proprietary technology platforms - RoboFS and RetailerFS - HDS offers consumers the ability to shop for fresher-than-store groceries and general merchandise from the world’s leading retailers  One-stop-shopping for grocery and from 100s of leading brands. Everything - your groceries, clothes, cosmetics, prescriptions, etc. - arrives in a single delivery  Fresher-than-store perishables - fruits, vegetables and meats, personalized to your tastes. Seamless returns - just give it back to us on our next visit  Eco-friendly packaging. We use reusable totes, resulting in zero cardboard waste. Free delivery scheduled, same-day or 1-hour express
Retirement plans reimaginedOur highly experienced FinTech & FinServ team is changing the way employers, employees, benefit providers and registered investment advisors offer and manage investments for retirement.    In short, we make it simple, cheap, and safe to offer a retirement plan to companies and their employees. Our platform is a front-to-back retirement management platform. We create the asset allocations, select the products, handle the onboarding, education, investment services, tax reporting, all while taking on full legal responsibility on the company's behalf, at a fraction of cost of a traditional retirement plan provider. Our clients are small to large business working with independent RIA's that can white label the platform for their own clients.   Vestwell is scaling the retirement investing of defined contribution plans, while saving each employee close to $500K in fees they would otherwise lose over their career to traditional retirement providers.
Chat with cool people
.
Driving down the cost to develop, build, and own multi-family housing
Blokable creates prosperity and equity in communities by disintermediating the traditional development process and providing a vertically integrated solution to create housing at scale. Our solution is a new paradigm in development, enabled by a new building system and technology. We are engaged throughout the housing creation process. Within days of initial planning meetings, our team can provide renderings of the development, schedule, costs, and an overview of the entire process. We then work with our network of local architects, engineers, and contractors trained on the Blokable Building System to implement a project. Blokable's development team manages every project from planning & design, through production, site work and installation, final handoff, and ongoing monitoring and support.
Out-experiment.  Out-perform.  Empowering digital teams everywhereOptimizely is the world leader in digital experimentation and personalization. We offer a secure, easy to use platform that delivers fast and collaborative digital experimentation and personalization to large enterprise companies seeking to drive innovation across all digital products and marketing experiences. Out-experiment and outperform the competition.  Stop guessing and start winning. 
On a mission to help people turn their curiosity into action
Create and publish online surveys in minutes, and view results graphically and in real time: SurveyMonkey provides free online questionnaire and survey software. Every day, 20 million questions are answered in our platform, whether it’s to get 10 employees’ opinions about a company barbecue or 10,000 consumers’ feedback about the next big product. That’s because we’ve built a platform that’s simple for a survey novice to use, but powerful enough for a pro. And we’re not stopping there. SurveyMonkey’s 700+ employees throughout North America, Europe and Asia Pacific are dedicated to powering the curious.
The world's leading all-in-one Content Amplification PlatformShareaholic is transforming the way content is distributed, discovered and engaged with across the web.  We're growing quickly. Over 300,000 websites have Shareaholic products installed and over 450 million people globally interact with our services each month to discover and share content which makes Shareaholic one of the largest and fastest growing networks of long-tail website owners.  For more information, visit shareaholic.com →
 Building next generation entertainment and fashion app for Indian consumersStay tuned to Movies and Fashion  Flikster is an online movies and celebrity content curator which enables user to discover and buy amazing hand picked collection of celebrities and movies. Make the world more open and connected to trendy products through engaging content with 360 degree visualization.  We’re backed by FbStart, AWS- activate and a great group of angel investors, HNI's, who believe in our mission.  Our team includes people who have worked at Amazon, HouseJoy, MyWash, Zomato and other companies. If you’re interested in learning more, we’d love to hear from you!
Mavenlink delivers enterprise-grade Software as a Service (SaaS) that transforms how businesses work with distributed teams, contractors and clients around the globe. Mavenlink's innovative technology suite enables organizations of any size to successfully manage and scale their people, projects, revenue and profitability. Consulting firms, creative agencies and professional services teams in more than 100 countries are running their businesses more efficiently and more elegantly with Mavenlink. Learn more at mavenlink.com.  Mavenlink has been named 2015 Cool Vendor by Gartner, the world's leading technology research and advisory firm.
Smart services for properties and residents. Better products, better experience
Jetty is a tech-focused financial services company for everyday renters. We empower renters with easier and more affordable access to rental homes, while helping property managers streamline operations, reduce overhead, and fill units faster. Jetty launched to market in 2017 and is headquartered in New York City.
Case is a multi-signature hardware wallet for securing digital assets
Case is a hardware bitcoin wallet that makes easy to store and use bitcoin without worrying about security, theft, or loss. Case is more secure than other bitcoin wallets because its 2-of-3 multi-sig, multi-factor architecture secures each key in a different place and with a different authentication factor so that there is no single point of failure. One of the keys is embedded in the device and secured by a possession factor. A second key is stored server-side and is secured by a biometric factor. The third key sits offline in a secure physical vault in the event that the device is ever lost or stolen. This not only makes Case the most secure bitcoin wallet, it also makes Case the most secure blockchain signing device.
The Platform for Computer VisionWe are multiplying the potential of the real world by making computer vision accessible to all.  Standard Cyborg is building the platform for computer vision.  We create the cloud and edge tools that developers and non-developers require in order to build, deploy, and improve CV solutions quickly.  Standard Cyborg is a team of senior engineers and designers solving the hardest problems in computer vision and geometry. We are supported and backed by YCombinator and leading investors in Silicon Valley. We are located in downtown San Francisco.
Top Hat’s revolutionary app helps professors engage and inspire studentsTop Hat provides educators the ability to interface with large classrooms, by using devices that students already own to make the classroom more engaging.   Students use their own devices to respond to quizzes, engage in live discussions, and manipulate interactive simulations. Professors get real-time feedback on student comprehension to adjust their lectures on the fly.
Instant, affordable audience response without clickers, using any mobile devicePoll Everywhere is a real time audience response application that allows presenters and educators to get feedback from any mobile device via SMS, Twitter, and the Web. Polls can be embedded in PowerPoint and Keynote, and results shown in presentation in real time.  We are disrupting the proprietary hardware clicker market which typically charges thousands of dollars to customers.  Free Basic Plans are available, and paid plans are generally 1/10th the cost of comparable clicker device plans.
Creates custom training software for sales and customer support
WorkRamp empowers employees to reach their full potential. We build onboarding, training, and development products that businesses use to accelerate employee growth. Today companies, including Slack, PayPal, and Square, use WorkRamp to develop thousands of employees worldwide. We are backed by some of Silicon Valley's top investors, including the Slack Fund, Y Combinator, Susa Ventures, Alexis Ohanian, Initialized Capital, and Joe Montana.
We help nurses find jobs they loveWe help nurses (CNAs, LVNs, RNs) find work that fits their schedule close to home.   There are 4 million nurses (second most popular job in the US). There are tens of thousands of healthcare facilities (such as hospitals, nursing homes, rehab centers) who need nurses. We bring them together by working with our healthcare facility clients to find the nurses they need.
Your Enterprise Cloud PlatformOur mission is to help IT teams focus on the applications and services that power the business.   Nutanix delivers an enterprise cloud platform that natively converges compute, virtualization and storage into a resilient, software-defined solution with rich machine intelligence. Our customers get the agility and economics of the public cloud – without sacrificing the security and control of on-premise infrastructure. World’s most advanced enterprise datacenters rely on Nutanix technology to power their mission-critical workloads at any scale.
"Waze for Parking"SpotAngels is a community-based parking app that helps drivers find parking and avoid tickets.  The uniqueness of the app is that simply by installing it users contribute real-time data to the community and are protected from parking tickets. The app knows that they are parking or leaving a spot in real-time by using the car’s bluetooth connection or phone motion sensors. It sets parking reminders when they park and displays open spots on the map when they leave. This allows the SpotAngels users to see live open spots that open up around them. The more users the more open spots can be displayed. SpotAngels can be described as “Waze for Parking”  The app also displays the location of all street parking spots and garages with detailed rules and prices that the SpotAngels community keeps up-to-date by sending parking signs pictures from the app. Drivers use it to find free street parking, the cheapest parking meter or garage.
Modern Equity Management
Carta makes it simple for companies of all stages to turn employees into owners. As an SEC-registered transfer agent, we help companies issue, value, and transfer securities. Our powerful reporting and administrative tools keep you in compliance with the latest SEC and IRS regulations.
Daily continuing education, tailored for busy professionals
DailyDrip makes learning easier. Every day our users get a bite-sized piece of something awesome about a topic they are interested in. That could be a short video introducing them to a new skill, a brief reading to bring context to an activity, or a quick exercise. Best of all: it only takes five minutes a day. In the US alone, there are 7 million IT, Design, and Engineering professionals. They are so busy that it is hard to find time to sit down and learn something new. At the same time, they are pressured to stay on the cutting edge of their field. Daily Drip helps them spend a little time training daily, without interrupting their busy schedules. Most other existing training content is focused on people who can sit down for a few hours to acquire a new skill. The experts at Daily Drip create daily continuing education, tailored for busy professionals.
Work management software for enterprise social networksTeamly delivers work management software inside of enterprise social networks like TIBCO's tibbr.  In the last 9 months Teamly has built this completely new product, and entered into a key distribution partnership with TIBCO (NASDAQ:TIBX).   Such social platforms are growing fast, at over 42% year on year growth expected over the next few years. By 2016, 50% of large organizations will have internal social networks in place.
Smart oven and companion meal delivery serviceTovala combines our multi-function smart oven and our food delivery plan so you can enjoy healthy, fresh and delicious home cooking at the touch of a button.  Just scan your meal’s unique barcode and press start — no prep or cleanup. In an average of 15 minutes your meal comes out perfectly cooked and ready to eat. During that time, the Tovala switches between a cooking routine unique to each meal, made up of steaming, baking, broiling, and convection heating.  Customers choose meals a week in advance, and we ship meals fresh and uncooked to their doors once a week. Meals last 5-7 days in their fridges.  Customers can also program the Tovala to cook their own food however they want.  Our targets are young professionals who yearn for fresh, whole food but who are too busy to cook. Our business eliminates the tradeoff that exists with all other food delivery options: freshness vs. convenience. Eating fresh, healthy food has never been easier.
Community and Marketplace for Men's fashion
On our app, men can browse images of their favorite celebrities, influencers and TV characters. By clicking our signature red icons, they can shop the fashion products they see right within the app.
Streamling job shadowing or a try before you buy for careersBetagig (“Beta test your next gig”) is a new platform that is streamlining the process of job shadowing, allowing students, recent grads, and career changers to discover opportunities and jobs they didn’t know existed. Job shadowing is a highly under utilized technique currently in the career development process. From an employer’s perspective, by allowing job shadowing, an HR manager is able to influence and drive the market to fulfill their unmet hiring needs to solve problems like lack of diversity or high demand and not enough supply for a position.  Additionally, 65% of people look for a new job within 91 days of being hired and 52% of people say they think they would be more successful in a job they found themselves than one a recruiter found them or one in which they were contacted by a company.  We aim to aid in the challenge of turnover and bad hires by empowering students and career changers to seek out jobs themselves and experience a day in the life of that job. 
American subscription video on demand service
Hulu is a premium streaming TV destination that seeks to captivate and connect viewers with the stories they love. We create amazing experiences that celebrate the best of entertainment and technology. We’re looking for great people who are passionate about redefining TV through innovation, unconventional thinking and embracing fun. It’s a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team that’s powering play.
OS for dapps
Cleargraph is a technology platform connecting consumers and businesses with access to financial services. Our first product offers online marketplaces zero-friction identity verification that reduces fraud and manual review.
Automating Enterprise Conversations Through Cloning Technology
Kylie works with enterprise organizations to automate their conversations using Kylie's AI engine. Organizations can leverage Kylie to connect their disparate systems and support channels to automate conversations. Kylie has built an AI engine that ingests data from different CRM systems, email, live chat, social media, order management systems, and more. Kylie then understands what type of questions customers are asking to create an automated response.
Empower better outcomes for the industrial workforce
WorkStep helps large industrial employers hire & retain their hourly workforce. For workers, transparency, coaching and opportunities to upskill enable better job matches and improved career outcomes.
We have reinvented the enterprise directory to empower people to work together effectivelyOur mission is to transform work - to empower people with access to information, enable them to build great things together, and help them feel truly connected to their colleagues.  We build people-centric tools for the modern workplace - beautiful, powerful and flexible. We believe that work is better when information is easily accessible, searchable and actionable. Everyone should be able to see across their organization and tap into collective knowledge. Starting with an advanced directory, we're creating a platform around the enterprise graph.  We're hiring full stack engineers, designers, sales leaders, and more. Learn more: rimeto.com/careers.
Keeping drivers moving in the safest, most efficient, and planet-friendly way possible
Become a Yoshi member and get fuel, oil changes, car washes, and anything else your car needs delivered to your car while it's parked at work. Save an average of $240/year on gas, 33 hours of time, and 3 trees worth of CO2.
 Making fresh, personalized meals available at any time and any place…instantlyChowbotics is at the forefront of the revolution that will propel robotics into the food industry. We have established our leadership position with our first robot, Sally. Over 100 Chowbotics food robots have been shipped and over 100,000 fresh healthy meals have been served by Sally. We strive to make nourishment rich in fruits and vegetables ubiquitous through robotics…this is our mission, we call it “Fresh for All.”  Our customers are providing better choices to their patrons, addressing dietary health by making fresh food available 24x7, and enjoying new revenue streams and corresponding profits. Learn more about us at chowbotics.com
The AI-powered hedge fund charging no management feesPit.AI Technologies is an AI-powered hedge fund charging no management fees.   Unlike traditional quantitative hedge funds which require humans (Quants) to postulate a trading hypothesis before doing any machine learning, we build AI-Quants to generate lucrative trading hypotheses, directly from the data.  We are on a mission to solve intelligence for investment management, and make hedge funds management fees a thing of the past.
Uber For All Cleaning Companies MANOR lets every cleaning company be their own Uber for cleaning. In seconds, you can open your own "Storefront" app to accept bookings from your existing client list and our public client network.  
StackOverflow for DoctorsWe are like StackOverflow for Doctors with a focus on Cancer.  The problem we are solving is getting the best information from expert doctors to regular doctors. When a question is asked on our site we find world experts to answer it and make it accessible through our knowledge base to all doctors.  Our knowledge base and doctor network will serve as the basis for an AI assisted decision support tool.
A better browser
A better browser
The leading provider of actionable consumer financial data
Founded in 2016, Windfall Data is on a mission to determine the net worth of everyone on the planet. The company serves nonprofit and for-profit organizations by providing actionable consumer financial data that is refreshed on a weekly basis. More than 500 organizations use Windfall Data to identify and engage their most promising constituents. Windfall Data is based in San Francisco and backed by Bullpen Capital, Bonfire Ventures, Industry Ventures, TenOneTen Ventures, ValueStream Ventures, and Cherubic Ventures. Visit windfalldata.com for more information.
Your smart home mortgage. We're hiring!
Morty is on a mission to revolutionize the outdated mortgage industry by letting people shop, compare, and close on any mortgage from any lender, completely online. Purchasing a home is the largest, most important financial transaction of most people’s lives. We believe getting a mortgage should be just as simple, modern, and transparent as buying anything else online. We’re building the first-ever, fully digital marketplace to make this possible - Kayak, but for mortgages.
Ship Better Software, FasterArmory automates software delivery, enabling software teams to ship better software, faster.  Armory optimizes every part of the software development lifecycle (SDLC), enabling sophisticated multi-cloud deployment strategies that leverage advanced features like:  1-click rollbacks Automated canaries Pipeline templates Automated load testing SLA-driven rollouts/rollbacks Blue/green deployments Chaos engineering, and 1-click app creation This enables developers to be more productive, and organizations to deploy up to 600x more frequently. Code is released to users faster, allowing the business to innovate faster.  As enterprises break monoliths into microservices, containerize their workloads and deploy to public, private, hybrid & multi-cloud environments, they'll need Armory's cloud-native software delivery platform to achieve these goals.
SensioLabs, creator of Symfony, the PHP frameworkIn the last 10 years, the Symfony project has become the most advanced Open-Source PHP framework in the world, used by thousands of developers around the world.  Symfony is about to become the de-facto standard middleware for PHP applications and is now used by very well known other Open-Source projects like Drupal, EzPublish, OroCRM,   SensioLabs is also the creator of other major Open-Source projects like Twig, Silex, ...
Insect ProteinExo is pioneering the consumption of insects as a nutritious and sustainable alternative protein source.   Exo's first product is a line of nutrient-dense food bars made with cricket protein and designed by an award-winning, three-Michelin-star chef. The bars are minimally-processed, paleo, gluten/grain/soy/dairy-free and contain no refined sugar.  Since launching in 2014 in NYC, Exo has been featured in media outlets including The New York Times, Forbes and National Geographic, and was recently named in Fast Company's Top 10 Most Innovative Food Companies in The World. 
Global Blockchain Payment Innovation - Blockchain LoyaltyTop blockchain payment processor GoCoin has merged with Ziftr and together the combined company offers a unique checkout experience featuring a HD mobile wallet that manages tokenized credit cards, multiple Blockchain currencies (Bitcoin, Litecoin & Dogecoin) and a loyalty / digital coupon capabilities.  By transaction volume, GoCoin is the world's largest company processing up to 10% of all daily transaction on the Bitcoin network. The GoCoin wallet provides the ultimate privacy, security and payment flexibility. Now with over 13,000 merchants signed up from around the globe, the GoCoin payment gateway, provides loyalty incentives for all payments.  Each transaction is a new opportunity to introduce the consumer to our hybrid wallet which, like ApplePay, tokenizes and stores credit cards for future use.  The loyalty coins given for all purchases can be applied toward discounts on future purchases or may be traded on an open exchange as a "cash back" incentive. 
Next generation messaging for wearablesOur upcoming Apple Watch app Cufflink, is being called a top 20 app and "Slack for your personal life", by Business Insider :)  Apple’s approach to smartwatch communication:  * It’s broad network (receive from anyone) * It’s has limited NLP “smart replies”  * It mostly relies on dictation  Our approach is different. Cufflink provides instant discreet communication with a limited number of people (those who really matter), through pre-defined topics with Templates for Communication and Actions.  For example, your wife might send you a message "Can you call the contractor today?" and tag it as a to-do. Your options are “OK” and ”Sorry, I can’t”. Tap “OK” and a reply is sent to your wife, the item is added to your to-do list and you receive automatic reminders.   Why this approach?  * Notifications on your wrist are VERY PERSONAL * Smartwatch interactions need to be 5 seconds max * Dictation is slow and inappropriate for most circumstances * Our prior apps show that Templates work
iTunes for 3D printingThe iTunes of 3D printing.   Pinshape is the consumer marketplace for 3D printable products. We help brands and top 3D designers market 3D printable digital products to customers worldwide. Pinshape is a 500 Startups backed company growing 150% month over month for 6 straight months. We've quickly established our platform as a leading marketplace bringing the very best digital products to customers in over 70+ countries.   Pinshape is the next generation 3D printing community & marketplace for brands, designers and makers.  We make it easy to find and successfully print great 3D designs by providing a hardware-independent platform where users can help each other optimize their prints by seamlessly sharing their specific printer settings.   We also offer secure streaming technology to licensees to mitigate intellectual property risk. 
Digital to real world product that inspires creativity in families
Moonfrye products are designed to inspire and celebrate creativity in families. At Moonfrye we bridge the gap between digital and real world creativity. The experience starts with our free photo app that transports users into theme-based worlds--a DJ booth, a circus, a candy-filled wonderland, a sports stadium or exotic destinations like Tokyo and London. Users can transform photographs into amazing themed collages. Then we bring the creative experience into the real world by selling and shipping theme-based creative products right to consumer's doorstep. We are committed to bringing our users innovative and exciting ways to experience, create and share themed living.
We’re changing the way the world battles pathogensWho are we?  Sample6 is the leader in Food Safety Software.  Our software is used by some of the largest food brands in the world to manage their environmental safety monitoring and ultimately ensure that the food people eat is as safe as it can be.  Why Sample6?  We truly believe that the work we do will make food safer for people around the world.   We have a diverse, talented, passionate team that wants to make the food chain better through technology and automation.     Our Mission: Sample6′s mission is to improve the health and safety of global consumers by building integrated systems that quickly and easily detect harmful and unwanted bacteria. 
Marketplace Lending - P2P Lending
Peerform is a NYC-based unsecured consumer lending platform serving the needs of institutional whole-loan buyers Targets underserved near-prime and prime (600+ FICO) consumer borrowers. Addresses the unmet demands of institutional loan buyers through near prime positioning, attractive risk-adjusted returns and ability to tailor selection criteria. Borrowers request an average amount of $9,000; the average funded loan carries an interest rate of 20.2% As of Oct 31th 2015, Peerform has originated 3,000+ loans totaling $15+ Million.
The world’s first device for your car to let you Look Forward while Staying ConnectedThe creator of the world’s first device for your car to let you Look Forward© while Staying Connected©, Navdy’s mission is to reinvent the driving experience.  At Navdy, we set out to solve a complex problem with a beautifully simple solution.  To create the type of product you get and immediately forget how you ever lived without it.  We believe you should be able to do all the things you do everyday simply and easily from the driver’s seat.  So we set out to make driving something you Look Forward© to again.  Navdy is more than a piece of hardware and more than an app—it’s an experience, and one we hope you enjoy every time you get behind the wheel.
The KitchenOS platform that connects the whole cooking journeyThe Drop Recipes app, available for free on the App Store and Google Play, offers home cooks a wealth of useful features, but keeps the focus on creating delicious food with minimal hassle.   The app contains a wide variety of tried-and-true recipes, crafted with care by top chefs, kitchen brands and the dedicated Drop community.  Users can add their kitchen appliances — connected and non-connected — to their profile in the app and the recipes they use will automatically adapt to their appliance setup.  Hundreds of appliances from brands such as Bosch, Electrolux, GE Appliances, Kenwood, LG Electronics, and  Thermomix® are perfectly compatible with the app.    Drop Recipes is the home for quick and easy recipes that work with the appliances in any kitchen. The app connects the whole cooking journey, from discovery and planning to grocery shopping to making food with great results. 
Let Your Creativity FlowWe're creating a new way to make music.   We’re building a creative ecosystem for music producers. With this ecosystem, we’re cultivating a global community of creators that fosters inspiration, connection, focus, and growth.  At Splice, we seek to empower all musicians to realize their creative potential and share it with the world. We believe that an open ecosystem leads to more collaboration, knowledge-sharing, and discovery, which leads to more musicians and better musicians, which means more and better music.
Everyday Music VideosMindie is a new way to share life through music video, in seconds.   Choose the track of your choice and record video while the music is playing!   Any video gets insanely better with music.  
Turning Traditional Offline Ads Into Online Purchase-Enabled AdsBuyNow™ App makes multimedia advertising purchase-enabled - instantly satisfying the consumer wants/needs anywhere and providing immediate Ad revenue to Publishers and Advertisers.  Our technology brings a universal way to access ecommerce for all multimedia channels, creating an ultimate consumer experience that simply, makes life easier and convenient for a border-free transaction.  Ads are activated via consumer-driven user engagement options:  1. Mobile Text Messaging - The most universal way to access ecommerce for all multimedia channels. 2. Image Recognition - Applies to all multimedia channels except Radio. 3. Predictive Analytics - Using unique hyper-local insights - Location, Behavior, Purchase Trends, and Time.  Services Big Data: BuyNow's analytics dashboard for Publishers and Advertisers provides real-time insight to better manage their domestic and international advertising campaigns. Logistics: Cross-border logistics network for timely and cost-efficient fulfillment.
Rebuilding VC and connecting APAC
Vectr is a venture firm based in Hong Kong. We combine investment, creation and growth to deliver game-changing impact to teams ready to tackle global issues, transform industries and improve the lives of millions.
The next great movement in artElectric Objects is a hardware and media business that connects a digital display designed for art with an ever-growing collection of original and classic works, and apps that make art discovery accessible, delightful, and meaningful. It's a bet that the connected home of the future won't be complete if the art in our homes remains stuck inside of 19th and 20th century technology.  The display is paired with a subscription art curation service, which enables access to thousands of works of art. Use our apps for iOS and Android to change the art on their wall right from your phone.   Most of our customers upgrade to our $10/mo subscription service. We've commissioned almost 1,000 original works of art for the platform, and our users have uploaded over 30,000 artworks.  We launched on Kickstarter in 2014, where we sold $800,000 worth of product in the first 30 days. We started shipping in 2015, and just introduced EO2, our second-gen product, to user and critical acclaim.
Cross-Channel marketing powered by Artificial Intelligence
Representing the world’s first truly worldwide marketing solution, Multichannel bridges language, currency and regulatory barriers to deliver your message through different marketing channels across the globe.
Making user research simple and fun
The mission behind Lookback is to simplify feedback. Instead of traditional user testing the company wants to empower existing users with a tool that enables them to contribute an improved user experience. When traditional user testing requires equipment, Lookback enables software companies to record user feedback, experiences and bug reports - remotely and at scale. Available for your iOS, Android, and Mac apps. Lookback, as a feedback recording tool is used by companies such as Spotify, Lyft, Squarespace and Venmo. The startup company was originally founded in Sweden and now have offices in San Francisco and Menlo Park. The remote team is based in the UK, the US, Sweden, and Canada.
Community-vetted Threat Intelligence Platform
ThreatStream is a leader in SaaS-based, cyber threat intelligence solutions. The ThreatStream OPTIC platform manages the lifecycle of security intelligence collection, validation, and secure dissemination of cyber threat information. By consolidating and normalizing millions of threat indicators from hundreds of different data sources, ThreatStream simplifies the integration and streamlines the management of multiple intelligence data feeds. ThreatStream provides cyber security professionals with the ability to create vetted, trusted communities, allowing enterprise-class businesses and government agencies to securely analyze, validate, and exchange sensitive information to increase the accuracy and speed the response to newly discovered security threats. API integration into SIEM and other security controls enhances an organization's existing security infrastructure with up-to-date intelligence to proactively respond to malicious attacks
Software solutions for the bicycle industry
Beeline, founded in 2013, is focused on delivering software solutions for the bicycle industry. Beeline software has facilitated over 35,000 service and fulfillment appointments connecting riders with independent bicycle retailers. Beeline software seamlessly connects the rider, retailer and bicycle brands for real-time service and fulfillment scheduling.
Make Life An Event - The Greatest Experiences for the Greater Good
IfOnly delivers extraordinary experiences with top talent in sports, music, entertainment, food, wine, golf, tennis and more, all while benefiting deserving non-profits.
Helping people manage cash flow and achieve their savings goalsSweep helps you get ahead of your bills, expenses and savings goals so you never have to budget again. Unlike other finance apps, Sweep gives you a complete forward-looking view into your cash flow and makes it easy to take control of your money, grow savings and spend confidently.   Founding team from Pandora and Klout. 
A robot that brews beer. The worlds largest distributed breweryBrewbot is a robot that brews beer.  Brewbot provides a controlled environment that frees up the brewer to focus on the ingredients. Recipe management is built right into the appliance which uses sensors to accurately control temperatures and timing. The smartphone software provides an insight into the brewing process in order to assist the brewer in making consistently high quality craft beer.   Brewbot launched on Kickstarter during September 2013 securing it's funding, and has been featured in Wired, Fast Company, New Scientist, NBC News, and the Discovery Channel Network.    
Your Off-the-Record MessengerConfide is your off-the-record messenger.  Spoken words disappear after they're heard. But what you say online remains forever.  With confidential messages that self-destruct, Confide takes you off the record.
Stripe for Health Care Transactions - YCS12Eligible makes it simple for healthcare companies to pass and receive financial transactions with over 1,000 health insurance companies across the country.  Transactions include queries to determine patient’s health coverage for certain services, claims (invoice) submissions, remittances (payments), preauthorizations, and more.   Transaction pricing varies by type with a range of 5 cents per for coverage information queries to 25 cents per for claims (invoice) submissions.  
Marketplaces for passionate groupsShout is a platform where any passionate group can build their own marketplace. We call them Streams and each Stream is led by a moderator. Shouters can join Streams and create their very own, enabling new markets to thrive! We take care of the nitty gritty of transactions so Shouters can focus on what they love. Shout has a unique opportunity to create a community based on its users greatest passions.   We are YC-backed and VC-funded (and Hi-C fueled)!
Fast-Fashion ecommerce for SE AsiaPomelo is an online fast fashion brand and marketplace for greater Asia.  We are focused on providing new arrivals weekly for the fashion forward twenty something to thirty something consumer.  All our branded products are sourced with attention to trend, detail, and quality from the fashion capitals of Asia, Korea.
360º photography
Sometimes a moment is irreplaceable. Sometimes a place is inaccessible. Photo and video only capture part of the story, making them poor substitutes for the real thing. We're developing teleportation so that you can be there, anywhere, anytime.
The Alibaba of Bangladesh
We deliver groceries in Dhaka, the world's most densely populated city. We are the leading player in Bangladesh's e-commerce sector.
Personal, handwritten cards. Sealed, stamped and mailed–All from your smartphoneLove receiving handwritten cards? So do we. But we think sending them should be a lot better.   Felt's an app for sending personal, handwritten cards in your own penmanship. Simply select the card for your occasion, write your message using a stylus or your finger and we take care of the rest. We print your card on premium paper, hand-apply a stamp and mail it for you--All within 24hrs. Starting as low as $2.20 a card (including postage)!
Set up your development environment in under 30 seconds
Set up your development environment in under 30 seconds.
Trade bitcoin swaps, options, and futures on our US regulated exchange
Founded in 2013, LedgerX offers Mini contracts, which trade in increments of 0.01 bitcoin and are available to all US residents. It also features an easy-to-use site for individual traders that is optimized for mobile trading, as well as a live live order book that is open 24x7x365. We are a federally regulated exchange and clearinghouse that lists and clears fully collateralized, physically settled bitcoin swaps, options and futures. The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), which regulates virtual currency derivatives, oversees LedgerX's registration as a designated contract market (DCM), swap execution facility (SEF) and derivatives clearing organization (DCO).
My data, my cloudWe remember, so you don't have to  * Forget uploading -- The web and your devices already have all of your photos, documents, contacts, appointments, and to-dos.  * Forget storing -- You shouldn't have to store things in some special place, just so you can dig them up later.  * Forget organizing -- Let Tengah track and organize everything, so you can find whatever you need, when you need it.see less
Developer Environment as a Service, for individuals and teamsGet developers up & running on any project, from anywhere in just 5 minutes with Koding. Flawlessly configured dev environments in one click. No matter how complex your project is, Koding for teams makes it insanely easy to share your entire development stack with anyone, anywhere. Bring your cloud credentials, describe your instances, and let your developers connect to that environment with their IDEs.   Koding cuts painful “setup” time out of your development workflow for good.  Programmers get everything they need to spin up full-stack, project-specific environments in seconds. We call it Development Environment Automation.  Product walkthrough: youtube.com/watch?v=hR3mUvknsaU
Empowering visual storytellongExposure is a platform and community that helps photographers and organizations prosper through photography-based storytelling.  We want every professional photographer and organization to use Exposure to grow their business and audience by leveraging our powerful storytelling tools and community- and editorially-driven network effects.  We’re already ramen profitable and reaching 2M+ pageviews per month. We’ve figured out how to combine a subscription-based publishing tool with a strong distribution network in a way no one else has. 
Be brilliant with peopleRapportive shows you everything about your contacts right inside your inbox.   You can immediately see what people look like, where they're based, and what they do. You can establish rapport by mentioning shared interests. You can grow your network by connecting on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and more. And you can record thoughts for later by leaving notes.   Imagine relationship management built into your email. For free.
Amazon Speech Teams
Alexa, the voice service that powers Echo and other devices, provides capabilities, or skills, that enable customers to interact with devices in a more intuitive way using voice. Examples of these skills include the ability to play music, answer general questions, set an alarm or timer and more. Alexa is built in the cloud, so it is always getting smarter. The more customers use Alexa, the more she adapts to speech patterns, vocabulary, and personal preferences.
eBay for Spare Parts and Capital Equipment (YC S13)
Asseta is an online marketplace for manufacturers to buy and sell capital equipment and spare parts. When manufacturers shut down factories or update them to make new products, they end up with equipment and parts that they no longer need. We’re leveraging technology to create an intelligent, data-driven platform that will replace the inefficient and untrustworthy brokers that are used today. Our initial focus has been in the semiconductor industry and we already work with most companies, including well-known names like Texas Instruments, Globalfoundries, Samsung and On Semiconductor. Asseta prides itself in solving a real world problem that customers value, and we have been profitable since 2017.
The easiest way to build decentralized apps that scaleBlockstack is a decentralized computing network that puts users in control of their data and login. It’s the easiest way to build decentralized apps that can scale. Blockstack enables engineers to build secure, privacy-focused applications: users are in control of their data instead of storing it with large tech companies.  Over 210 independent developer teams have built apps on our platform. Open-source software is at the heart of everything we do.  Blockstack PBC, a public benefit corp, is dedicated to building the core Blockstack protocols and developer platform. Blockstack PBC is headquartered in New York City, with a globally distributed team.
The Digital Production Notebook
ProductionPro is the First Digital Production Notebook for Film, TV and Theatre. It automatically pulls together creative information such as scripts, research, or designs into one simple place that contextualizes it for the hundreds of people collaborating on a production. ProductionPro is defining a new industry standard in entertainment. Film, Television and Theatre productions are complex creative endeavors, with hundreds of people working together on something that changes daily. However, the current state of creative collaboration is highly inefficient: studios, producers, directors and their crews navigate stacks of paper and endless email chains while using single-purpose, outdated, and clunky tools. With ProductionPro, production companies and studios finally have a solution that organizes the chaos and powers the creative process: the first SaaS platform for the entire cast and crew.
Shareable GIFs and stickers collected on one platform
We are the best way to search, share, discover and create GIFs on the Internet. The content on GIPHY's website, app, and API is all of the best and most popular GIFs on the web, along with content created by talented GIF artists and world-class brands. We have GIFs in a number of different categories. These include sports, entertainment, food and drink, holidays animals and more. Our reaction GIFs are very popular and are often found going viral all over the internet. People can upload or create their own GIFs on the site.
Pickup and delivery for your Dry Cleaning and LaundryRinse is building the first and largest national (and global) brand in clothing care. We're taking on a massive consumer problem and creating a significantly better dry cleaning and laundry experience through the combination of "smart scheduling" and best-in-class quality, all supported by a strong technology backbone.  We launched in 2013 and are currently in San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Washington, DC, with plans to launch multiple new markets in 2017.  We've grown at double digit month-over-month rates since launch, have created a differentiated service our customers love,  and have a model where the economics actually work.  Rinse is backed by a group of leading VCs and CEOs who see the massive potential in what we are doing and know we are the team to do it.  We are looking for stars to join our team and can’t wait to hear from you.
Trusted Browsing Platform. Stop phishing and malware in the browser
Apozy perceptual AI to protect the browser and stop account takeover. Apozy’s Chrome and GSuite platform prevents phishing and malware attacks from causing damage.
We work with families, advocacy groups and BioPharma to find cures for rare diseasesPerlstein Lab PBC (PLab) is the first orphan therapeutics Public Benefit Corporation accelerating drug discovery for the 5,000+ rare genetic diseases.   PLab uses a platform of CRISPR-engineered animals (yeast, nematodes, fruit flies and zebrafish) in phenotypic screens to identify orphan drug candidates that reverse disease much faster and cheaper than current approaches.   Our proof-of-concept diseases are Niemann-Pick Type C, a lysosomal storage disorder first described nearly a century ago, and NGLY1 Deficiency, a congenital disorder of glycosylation first diagnosed last year. In addition to these, we are incorporating two additional diseases in our pipeline, namely Batten’s disease and Leigh Syndrome.
Try before you buy service, for consumer electronics
Lumoid is a try before you buy service for consumer electronics. 
Making health and beauty simple for people of colorWe make health & beauty simple for people of color. We do this by developing, designing and testing products and services specifically tailored to our community's needs and delivering on the promise of great customer service and an delightful, practical shopping experience.  Our flagship brand, Bevel, is the first and only end-to-end shaving system specifically engineered to prevent and reduce shaving irritation for men with curly, coarse hair.   We want to reinvent the way consumers learn about, purchase and enjoy health and beauty products. We’re starting with a focus on the $50 billion ($350bn globally) personal care segment. Consumer packaged goods manufacturers and traditional retailers are neither building brands nor merchandising experiences which cater to the uniquely differentiated needs of black, latino and asian consumers --- America’s fastest growing and most culturally influential demographic groups. 
1:1 Marketing Personalization & Predictive AnalyticsEvery customer reaches a buying decision in their unique way – Canopy Labs helps businesses to track and optimize their customer journey.   Businesses can plan more targeted marketing campaigns and optimize their lead lists, with a focus on maximizing revenue and sales growth. Our platform is used in a variety of industries, including sports, ticket sales, daily deals, and online retail, and customers ranging from $10B retailers to small online businesses.   Canopy Labs has offices in Toronto and New York City. It is backed by Y Combinator, BDC IT Ventures Fund, and Valar Ventures.
Helping high profile companies execute their visions more rapidly with advanced software
Catalant provides global enterprises with software solutions to access business expertise on demand. The company's innovative human capital solution matches top business expertise with enterprises to address needs efficiently and in real-time. Catalant has built a global network of more than 27,000 boutique firms, custom teams and independent experts, as well as best-in-class software tools for engaging and managing this market. Based in Boston, Catalant serves thousands of clients, including nearly 10% of the Fortune 1000. For more information, visit GoCatalant.com.
Advertising for sellers on marketplaces (YC W14)Advertising made easy for marketplace sellers.   Boostable grows marketplaces by helping their sellers advertise online.  - Sellers instantly sign up with their store URL and launch their ads. - Boostable automatically builds and runs the ads for them. - Sellers can see the lift in their business from their advertising spend.   Boostable was picked among the top of YCombinator's winter 2014 class by both Techcrunch and Business Insider.  Learn more at: boostable.com  
Marketplace for Small Business LoansBond Street is a startup focused on transforming small business lending through technology, data and design.     Small business owners are the foundation for growth in our economy, and yet today’s banking system has left them behind.  We’re building a better future where access to financing is simple, transparent and fair.
Work Without Borders
Teleborder helps companies hire, manage and retain international employees. Our software platform enables companies to manage immigration, reporting, and compliance all in one place, and our network of providers deliver related services through our platform. Our customers range from small startups to large corporations, and our investors include Y Combinator, Khosla Ventures, IDG, and others.
Hong Kong's Leading Price Comparison SiteMoneyHero is your new best friend when it comes to making wise financial decisions. We are here to help when you need to find a new credit card, internet plan, or mobile contract. We can also help you find a fantastic loan or savings account, as well as a range of insurance and other financial products.
 
 Our service is free, easy and completely unbiased, and allows you to compare different products and services so you can find the best financial products on the Hong Kong market. With our online comparison platform, you can find the most up-to-date information on credit card interest rates, credit card rewards, the best value internet plans and much, much more!
 
 And that’s not all; If you’re looking for money saving tips, we also have a blog where we share all of our saving tips and tricks with you.
 
 MoneyHero saves you money, time, and effort, all while helping you become financially savvy!
Data and Technology that transforms the TV Viewing Experience
Samba TV is built into millions of consumer electronic devices (smart phones, tablets, TVs and set top boxes). The core algorithms analyze what's onscreen to bring you more of what you like, and enhance the viewing experience for the most popular programs on TV. Our TV viewership data enables recommendations, access to exclusive content and viewership analytics.
Human Sales IntelligenceEmissary is a private sales intelligence network that connects enterprise sellers to executives who recently left roles at F1000 firms.  Our mission is to empower organizations to sell smarter by  creating true partnerships with their clients.
The Nespresso machine for smoothies
LivBlends is the "Nespresso machine for smoothies." The single serve pods come pre-packaged with fruits, vegetables, seeds and nuts - insert a pod into the machine, blend and you're ready to go. No need to source, clean, cut and measure ingredients. LivBlends is the convenient way to enjoy healthy, great tasting smoothies.
Enables creators to sell directly to their audience
Gumroad enables creatives to sell directly to their audience — so that they can make a living doing what they love. Writers, designers, game developers, musicians, artists, and filmmakers use Gumroad to earn money off of their creative efforts.
Fundera is a marketplace for small business financial solutions
Fundera provides expert insights and tailored options—from loans to credit cards to bank accounts—so business owners can shop and compare financial choices they often don’t know they have. We partner throughout every stage of their business, helping them weigh the best-fit financial options based on their current needs and eligibility. The combination of our technology and financial expertise ensures business owners make their smartest business decisions yet.
The Genentech of Specialty Chemicals
We engineer yeast to convert sugar into high value chemicals.
Mobile Internet for AllMavin provides mobile internet strategic leadership for emerging markets.  We are a team of former Google & Microsoft engineers and product ninjas who believe that the mobile internet is not just a great business platform, but a force for change in society.  Mavin solutions include products that help lower the cost of data for pre-paid phones while helping app developers launch in emerging markets and sustain engagement. We have a suite of content & communication applications downloadable from Google Play Store.
The Authentic Jewelry Marketplace TrueFacet is the jewelry marketplace, where you can shop and sell authentic jewelry and watches.  We authenticate every item. Up to 70% off. Guaranteed.   TrueFacet differentiates itself by offering buyers and sellers value by credibility, price, and quality through a trusted authentication process and a robust pricing system. 
People counting sensors and software for commercial and physical spaces
We combine a powerful people counter, a modern API, a dedication to privacy, and the company’s unique Sensor-as-a-Service business model. Density is introducing an entirely new way to measure and understand how people use their space. The system’s self-installable sensors can be added above any relevant door or entryway. Users then access always-on people count through our real-time API. Learn more: density.io
Custom mechanical part sourcing. SimplifiedWe help people make physical things.  Specifically, we perform intelligent matching to help mechanical design engineers find the best contract manufacturers to manufacture custom mechanical parts, with an initial focus on 3D printing in the United States.   Hardware companies finding the right supplier to make their custom designs is a huge issue today. A lot of great products end up breaking, over budget, or never produced in the first place because they choose their supplier incorrectly. We can help make sure these problems stop happening.  We're on to something: we have some fanatically happy customers (Frog Design and Anybots are the most notable names we can share, and we've done work for a Fortune 100 company we can't share), lots of engineers have this problem, and Alibaba and MFG.com have proven the market is huge.
A design + print app that empowers everyone to be a makerMakr enables people to design, buy and sell custom goods entirely on demand. With's Makr's design tools and web marketplace, anyone can be a maker. We're taking making to the next level!  With Makr for iPhone, design t-shirts, tote bags and temporary tattoos – customized to a T – to buy or sell. Share what you design with friends get $ for every item sold. With Makr for iPad, design a custom logo and make personalized paper. Customize templates for business cards, party invitations, wedding materials, stickers, labels, postcards, stationery, greeting and holiday cards and more.  Makr launched on iPad in November 2013 and on iPhone in September 2014. Spotlighted as both Apple's Editors' Choice and Best New App, Makr has been featured in WIRED, GigaOm, The Washington Post, PandoDaily, Martha Stewart and Brit + Co, among others.  Download the app to bring the power of great design and branding to your fingertips: bit.ly/XOVPty
Programmatic interactive mobile ads at scaleCrossInstall offers a unique approach to mobile game advertising as it combines custom-built playable mobile gaming ads with a programmatic, performance based bidder ensuring the ads hit the right audience.  CrossInstall has developed a highly customized bidder technology and proprietary algorithms. The performance-based bidder drives app installs for advertisers at scale on various mobile ad exchanges including DoubleClick, MoPub and others.  CrossInstall's ads feature rich, interactive experiences dynamically tailored to individual users via HTML5/JavaScript creatives.
Smart Android Lock ScreenCover Lock Screen is the fastest way to get to the right apps at the right time. It’s an app for Android that replaces the lockscreen of your phone, adding shortcuts to your favorite apps.  It’s been downloaded 100K+ times with a 4.4-star rating play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coverscreen.cover  TechCrunch named it "One of the Best Apps of 2013" techcrunch.com/2013/12/31/the-best-ios-and-android-apps-of-2013
AI-driven lead gen for B2B startupsWhoKnows offers the best platform for B2B startups to generate leads.  First, we have a machine-enriched profile database of 370M prospects worldwide.  Second, we’ve built an email system optimized for lead-gen that can send up to 1M emails per month.  Lastly, we can complement your campaigns with dedicated telemarketing campaigns.  All of our services are fully transparent so you retain any learnings and offered with startup-friendly pricing.  Get your campaigns in a week to grow your business!
Girls in Tech is a global organization empowering and educating girls and women in techGirls in Tech (GIT) is a global non-profit focused on the engagement, education and empowerment of influential women in technology and entrepreneurship. We focus on the promotion, growth and success of entrepreneurial and innovative women in the technology space.  Created in February 2007, Girls in Tech was founded by Adriana Gascoigne, and was born out of a need to provide a place for women to cultivate ideas around their careers and business concepts involving technology and entrepreneurship. Girls in Tech is headquartered in San Francisco, CA and has multiple chapters around the world, including North America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and South America.  Girls in Tech offers a variety of initiatives for women and girls to enhance their professional aspirations. Our programs include GIT M (Mentorship Program), GITHacks, GIT360 Labs, XChange, Catalyst Conference, AMPLIFY Business Pitch Competition, Global Classroom (online education), and many more.
Processing measurements for commercially available GNSS receivers to provide true precision
Swift Navigation, Inc. provides centimeter-accurate real-time kinematics (RTK) GPS positioning technology for self-driving cars, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), precision agriculture, robotics, surveying, space applications and more. Its products deliver 100 times better accuracy than the GPS in a cell phone—at a fraction of the price of the competition. By optimizing inexpensive off-the-shelf cell phone components with sophisticated software, Swift Navigation has already delivered radically less expensive and more flexible solutions to over 2,000 customers. Honored in Inc.’s 2016 30 Under 30 List of Coolest Young Entrepreneurs in America, Swift Navigation is enabling a world where fields farm themselves, drones fly safely and autonomous transportation can take you home. Visit the company online at swiftnav.com or follow Swift Navigation on Twitter @Swiftnav
Everyone has stories worth tellingEveryone has stories worth telling. Create and share compelling, visual stories with the music you love.  flipagram.com    Launched as a free app in November 2013, Flipagram’s mission is to give everyone the power to create and share compelling, visual stories that inspire, entertain and inform. With tens of millions of users monthly worldwide and growing, Flipagram is quickly becoming a go-to platform for creators, influencers, artists and anyone who wants to share powerful short visual stories that transcend language and inspire action. Ranking in 150 countries, the Flipagram app is available on iOS, Android and Windows platforms.
Techstars 2014 - Making lawn care easy, affordable and reliableLawnStarter is attacking the $99 Billion highly fragmented lawn care market. The industry is antiquated, and companies both small and large lack the infrastructure and technology needed to provide even just a reasonable experience.  Thats where we come in. LawnStarter is taking away the pain of getting and managing high quality lawn care for your home.  With a few clicks, you can instantly schedule lawn maintenance and manage all outdoor services for your home.  
On-Demand access to goods. Through the Air. Fully autonomously
On-demand aerial delivery platform for urban environments: end-to-end solution integrating the Matternet M2 Drone, the Matternet Station and the Matternet Cloud. We provide our platform as a service to healthcare, e-commerce and logistics organizations.
Me, now
Frontback is a fun and fast way to show your friends what you're up to. Take a photo with the front camera, another with the back camera, and share them both in a single image. It takes second, it's fun, and it's free.
Atheer is the pioneer of AiR™ (Augmented interactive Reality) computing, designed to enhance the productivity and safety of deskless professionals.
Collaborative mobile video app
JumpCam is a free Android and iOS app that makes it easy to create collaborative videos with friends and family. Just start a video and invite others to add their own clips. JumpCam instantly stitches everything together into a single, beautiful movie.
Shoes, Clothing, and More
Zappos.com was founded in 1999 with the goal of becoming the premiere destination for online shoes. Since then, we've become much more than just an online shoe store. Our unwavering focus on superior customer service has allowed us to expand our online offerings to include handbags, clothing and so much more! If you're looking for shoes, clothing and handbags online, compare us to other online shoe and online clothing stores, as well as online handbag stores.
Be curiousIt's a curious world. Discover yours.  Secret lets you see what's going on with your friends, co-workers, and people in your city or campus.  • Secret posts come from friends and people in your community, but you won't know who. • Join conversations and give your real opinion. • Chat privately with anyone and make new friends.  Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/secretly Read our community guidelines: secret.ly/community
The free HIV vaccine (YC W14)We are a Y Combinator (W14) backed non profit that is developing an HIV vaccine and distributing it worldwide for free.  If proven effective, our vaccine will turn those who receive it into HIV controllers. HIV controllers are naturally immune to HIV.  ~1 out of 300 of those living with HIV have this ability.  To develop our vaccine, we leveraged the work of accomplished computer scientists using statistical analysis to sift through blood samples from HIV controllers, identifying the virus surface targets favored by them.  These targets were then formulated into a vaccine prototype.  We have completed a 400-mouse-study (details in additional info below; results submitted to a PRJ).  We completed an ex-vivo study with human blood (video: youtu.be/lZKPbEM3oOY).  Via single sphere phagocytosis of our HIV epitope loaded spheres, these antigen presenting cells will process the epitope, creating a Killer T cell immune response, attacking HIV at its weak points.
The app for teamworkThe first Knotable app is out  -- Knotes for Chrome lets you note instantly from your browser's new tab. It lets you jot quick notes when you are in Chrome so you don't forget things while multitasking. Simple, lovely, easy, fast and it saves your notes so you can have them everywhere. The first 10,000 users are on the app now (Aug '15). knotable.com/chrome/note  The first platform deployment is also live with 2U, inside their ed tech platform, and is a major revenue producing relationship powering a large production app.  Both apps run on the Knotable platform for teamwork that we have been building over the last year.  Knotable makes better teamwork through a single page where you can put all the people, things, ideas, links, files and coordinate them.  We aren't building chat and we aren't building filesharing.   We are building a modern space for teamwork where you tackle the sticky, tricky topics in depth.  Next up: apps for iOS, Android, web, Dropbox, Slack, Gmail.
Quill is the global leader in multi-language content production for ecommerce
Quill is the global leader in multi-language content production for ecommerce, defining a completely new model for high-volume, high-quality, multi-language content creation, based on the powerful combination of technology and talent. We specialise in Performance Content: the critical pre-purchase information that directly drives ecommerce revenues – such as product and category descriptions, Amazon A+ content, buying guides, hotel reviews and destination guides. We create over 4 million words of bespoke content a month – plus videos and graphics – for 240+ clients, including global brands such as Amazon, Google, eBay, Tommy Hilfiger, M&S, TUI, Trivago, Farfetch, Dunhill, John Lewis and Louis Vuitton. Our innovative model leverages a highly flexible, global network of 7,000+ freelance content specialists, centrally managed through the Quill Cloud platform: pioneering technology that streamlines and automates complex production and quality control processes to enable a level of efficiency, speed and scale that’s impossible to attain in-house or via traditional agencies.
(YC S13) Smart home meets design Our first product Nuimo Control is a smart home controller that gives you instant access to devices such as Sonos or Philips Hue.  Our products are initially aimed at “design lovers” who care about quality and design in the premium segment. Nuimo Control has won the Red Dot Design Award and German Design Award. Since launching on Kickstarter in 2015, we have shipped thousands of Nuimo Controls all over the world.  In 2018, we launched Nuimo Click: a wireless switch that gives everyone at home simple, one-click smart home control. Nuimo Click uses energy harvesting technology which generates enough energy each time you press it to send a wireless signal to the Nuimo Hub. This means it never needs to be charged – ever.  At Senic, we are on a mission to create technological experiences that promote human wellbeing - not stickiness. We care about quality design, local manufacturing and open source software.
Personalizing guest interactions and generating incremental revenue
Thanx is a leading provider of digital guest engagement for offline businesses. Brick-and-mortar retailers, restaurants and malls are facing an unprecedented crisis in the aftermath of COVID-19; Thanx helps these businesses embrace digital purchasing, capture greater customer data, and take action on that information to personalize every interaction with their guests. Our proprietary integrations with credit card networks (e.g. Visa) provide the volume and accuracy of purchase data which sits at the core of every product we build.
Proactive end-user performance monitoring for any application, network, or cloud
AppNeta is the leader in proactive end-user performance monitoring solutions built for the distributed, cloud-connected, digital enterprise. With AppNeta, IT and Network Ops teams can assure continuous and exceptional delivery of business-critical applications. AppNeta’s SaaS-based solutions give IT teams essential application and network performance data, allowing them to constantly monitor user experience across any application, network, data center or cloud. For more information, visit appneta.com.
Video production marketplace
Videopixie is a marketplace for video production. Businesses use Videopixie to make web shows, animated explainers, promotional videos, online courses and much more. There are 1000+ video production professionals on videopixie, including videographers, editors, animators and motion graphics specialists. Videopixie makes it easy to find professionals, get bids, move large files, iterate and pay -- for this we charge a 10% fee. We bring high-quality video production to companies who don’t have the time or budget to engage a full-service agency. We are backed by Y Combinator, YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim, Dave McClure @ 500 Startups, the founders of Zencoder, and many other great angels!
Social Media Marketing Pros that integrate tightly into your teamGood Audience manages all your social media accounts with a dedicated marketing assistant.   We spend many hours a week hand curating content, sharing it across all platforms and growing your social communities! Work with a team of experienced marketers running your social media campaigns at SaaS prices.  Your other options are: - Going to an expensive digital marketing agency ($4K-$5K-$10K/month to manage all your accounts) - Hiring a social media intern out of high school or college (no experience in marketing) - Doing all the work yourself spending 3-4 hours every single day  Say hi to join the family =)
Global Online Identity Verification
Trulioo, an online identity verification company, enables trust and safety online by powering fraud and compliance systems worldwide. As the pioneer and leader in cyber ID, Trulioo aims to solve global problems associated with verifying identities online. Trulioo's Global Gateway product enables businesses to perform frictionless, on-demand instant ID Verification for more than 4 billion people in over 50 countries - the widest coverage in the market. Global Gateway helps businesses comply with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) identity verification needs, enabling businesses across the world to evaluate new and existing users through one, single portal. For more information, visit trulioo.com. 
Optimizely for messagesOutbound allows businesses to send messages to their users when they take one step, but not the next.  Say they add to cart, but don't checkout. Signup, but don't fill out their profile.   Messages can be sent on any channel: Email, Mobile push notifications, SMS, and phone calls. And then, we help customers test which message will get their users to do the next step with higher efficacy. 
Monthly subscription service that revolutionizes the way we discover fragrance and beauty
Scentbird is a fast growing subscription service for luxury perfumes. Inspired by the razor-razorblade model, Scentbird ships 30-day supplies of designer perfumes (Prada, Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana) in a sleek case. Scentbird’s secret sauce is a scent recommender powered by 500,000 authentic perfume reviews.
Climate Control In Every Room - Digital ZoningMost homes have only one thermostat, so they operate like a house with only one light switch. Everything is either all on or off. That leaves some rooms boiling hot while others are freezing cold. It also leads to heating and cooling empty rooms. It’s uncomfortable, and it’s inefficient.  Ecovent fixes that for the over 200 million Americans with forced air heating and cooling systems. We’ve built a system of wireless vents and sensors which enables homeowners to:  • Get room-by-room temperature control. • Save energy by automatically directing airflow to the rooms that need it most. • Choose custom temperature levels for different floors, rooms, or times of day. • Control home heating and cooling anywhere from a mobile phone, tablet or web app. • Install the whole system hours without special tools or invasive construction
Providing hotel rooms to airlines for distressed passengersRoomstorm partners with industry-leading accommodation providers to enable the seamless and automated issuance of hotel rooms to airline passengers during flight disruptions.  Roomstorm is the first firm in this space to provide a 100% automated and paperless solution.  An airline agent can issue a hotel room in five mouse clicks and eliminate long lines at airports.
Powering Secure & Intelligent DataWith the Kwikdesk Partner API, ( partners.kwikdesk.com ) developers can build discreet communication products.   Kwikdesk's first consumer product, OneOne ( getOneOne ) provides iOS and Android users 7 channels of the most private and untraceable text messaging available.   AI Framework:  Kwikdesk is developing an easy to use framework that puts the power of machine learning in the hands of anyone with a desktop computer or mobile device.
Massage Delivered To YouToday, Soothe is the world’s largest and fastest-growing on-demand massage service, bringing the healing power of massage to homes, hotels, and offices in as little as an hour. Soothe is available in over 60 major cities across the US, UK, Canada, and Australia.  Offering four massage modalities, including deep tissue, Swedish, sports, and prenatal, Soothe allows clients to book a customized massage experience to meet their wellness and relaxation needs.  Soothe works with 11,000+ independent, licensed and certified massage therapist, all of whom are vetted in person to ensure expert massage technique and professionalism. Soothe therapists earn three to four times more per hour than the industry standard — all while managing a work schedule that’s flexible and convenient for them.  Soothe also brings relaxing chair massage to offices and events of all sizes with Soothe At Work. Soothe is funded by The Riverside Company with participation from prominent angel investors.
The better way to share, organize and collaborate on designs—built with developers in mind
We’re a small team from istanbul and san francisco, scratching our own itch. thousands of product teams from all around the world use zeplin to bring their ideas into life. no need to change how you design, just export your file in one click using our sketch, adobe xd, figma, adobe photoshop cc plugins. select the platform you’re designing for and let zeplin—pun intended—take care of the rest, generating accurate tailored specs, assets and code snippets. create styleguides to organize components, colors and text styles. link styleguides to multiple projects, enabling engineers to reference your design system across all of your projects.
Career accelerator for college gradsKoru gives college students and recent grads the skills, experience, and connections to be stars at great companies.  The education start-up is transforming the college-to-career landscape with an experiential learning program designed to quickly create and place workplace-ready college graduates. They partner directly with leading employers to put grads on the fast-track to great jobs and meaningful careers.  Koru was founded by Kristen Hamilton (Chief Executive Officer) and Josh Jarrett (Chief Learning Officer). Hamilton was a co-founder at Onvia and the former COO of World Learning. Jarrett is a former McKinsey & Co consultant and most recently the Head of Higher Education Innovation at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.  Headquartered in Seattle, Koru is currently running employer-embedded programs with partners like zulily, Payscale, Porch, Possible, and Julep to give recent graduates the skills, experience and connections they need to get hired and make an immediate impact.
Camoji makes animated GIFs with your iPhone camera
Camoji makes animated GIFs with your iPhone camera. Just point and shoot to record a GIF, text it to friends, and post it to Camoji and other networks. Make your own memes and reaction gifs. Check out popular GIFs from the community and upvote your favorites.
Mapillary is the street-level imagery platform that scales and automates mapping
Mapillary is the street-level imagery platform that scales and automates mapping using collaboration, cameras, and computer vision. Images from any camera are combined into a visualization of the world that generates map data for improving maps, developing cities, and progressing the automotive industry. Mapillary’s tools enable anyone to collect, share, and use street-level images. Today, people and organizations all over the world have contributed more than 500 million images toward Mapillary's mission of helping people understand the world's places through images and making this data available, with clients and partners including the World Bank, HERE, and Toyota Research Institute. Mapillary has raised $24.5 million in venture capital from some of the world's most seasoned investors, including Sequoia Capital, Atomico, and BMW i Ventures.
Korean bitcoin exchange & global payments network
Korbit is South Korea's first and largest bitcoin exchange, wallet and merchant processor.
Home decor shopping just got easierBarn & Willow is the easiest way to buy custom window draperies and shades for your home.   We're a tech-driven direct to consumer brand making custom window treatments more accessible. Our auto-sizing calculator and in-context visualizer remove measurement hassles and create a frictionless shopping experience. By working directly with the finest manufacturers across the world we remove all unnecessary markups and offer high quality, custom-stitched window treatments, starting at $99, shipped to you in 7 days.   We've shipped over 50,000 drapery panels to our customers (homeowners and designers).   We are going after an industry that has been primarily dominated by regional mom and pop stores and big box retailers offering sub-par quality of products and an offline driven shopping experience. An $8B U.S industry that is still heavily offline (<5% of transactions online) and has been slow to innovate.   Our goal is to make home decor more accessible one product vertical at a time.     
Making design work for businessDesign matters. It drives new customers, retention, employee loyalty and ultimately success.   It’s harder than ever to design at the scale business needs. There are more social channels, more apps, more employees, more presentations, more events, more deadlines.  We are the first service able to protect and develop visual brand across an entire company.  We do this by bringing people and technology together. Our platform makes design easy and available to everyone who needs it. Our talented design team know the brand, and have the skills and scale to cover all needs.  We make design work for business.
A Smarter Restaurant Menu for Smartphones
Butter Systems aims to replace the paper restaurant menu with a more interactive experience on smartphones. Customers can learn more about the food and drink, and order on-demand. This new service model also frees up time for the waitstaff to focus on customer satisfaction rather than manual order-taking.
Predictive Analytics Powered by Non-medical Staff
Evidence-based smart survey and analytics platform that predicts and prevents hospitalizations using non-clinical workers.
Individually relevant messaging at any scale
Boomtrain is a personalized notification platform that leverages machine learning and predictive algorithms to drive increased clicks, engagement and revenue through customer communications. Our technology surfaces the content that’s most likely to engage any individual and delivers it via email, push notifications, or the web. All automated, all in real-time.
Be proactive with farm management tools powered by aerial imagery and data analytics- Water Stress We translate canopy temperatures into an intuitive water stress metric, backed by university trials and numerous customer case studies.  - Chlorophyll Content Chlorophyll View is a strong indicator of nitrogen content, combining near-infrared and visible spectra to improve on traditional NDVI images.  - NDVI (Canopy Vigor) Ceres offers best-in-class images of standard NDVI images, complemented by unique tools with further detail.  - Thermal Ceres' advanced plant-level thermal imaging sets a new industry standard.  - Plant Counting We use imagery to automatically and accurately count the trees in your fields.  - Analytics With the imagery collected over a growing season, we can provide change-over-time analytics for your fields.
Like-minded brands have the customers you want. Acquire them with Wove
Wove envisions a world where brands grow together. To support this vision, Wove is building the world’s largest network for marketing partnerships, where trusted brands reach each other’s loyal customers and make them their own - all while protecting consumer privacy. With backing from August Capital, Partech, and Origin Ventures, Wove enables brands to transform their marketing efforts by unlocking the power of other brands'​ data.
Front is the fastest way to manage email and efficiently work with your teamToday, more than one billion people are spending at least four hours of their workday on email. At the same time, we depend more and more on collaboration to get work done. Yet, there’s been very little innovation to make it easier for teams to work together on email.  Front got its start by introducing the first shared inbox, which helps teams (a client service team, a sales team, etc.) manage business email accounts (like contact@). For the first time ever, we made it possible to write internal comments on emails, assign emails to teammates, and edit shared email drafts.  We layered in other communication channels like SMS, live chat, social media, and internal discussions – made those messages collaborative too. And we added integrations to more than 50 business-critical apps so teams have one place to communicate, focus, and get work done. Over 5,000 businesses around the world are responding 54 minutes faster to emails and saving each person up to six hours every week with Front.
Home maintenance managementPreFix enables homeowners to outsource maintenance of their home.  We strip out the cost and complexity of home maintenance using a technology-enabled service platform that is almost invisible to the homeowner.  
The Nylas APIs help developers connect to every email, calendar, and contacts providerNylas is a pioneer and leading provider of unified communications APIs that allow developers to quickly build features that connect to every inbox, calendar, and contacts book in the world.   Companies like Hyundai, NewsCorp, Realtor.com, Pipedrive, Dialpad, Lever, and Intercom rely on Nylas to securely and reliably connect their user’s inbox, calendar, and address book data to their applications.   We’re proud of our team and fight to include traditionally underrepresented groups of people in tech. We actively and regularly work with the entire team to shape our culture to our ideal of honesty, transparency, individual empowerment, and kindness.
#1 technology driven hospitality platform for building owners to adopt short-term rentals Pillow is providing a new way for residents of multifamily buildings to live and afford travel. With Pillow’s innovative technology, residents have access to a full suite of management services and participate in a revenue share program with their building to earn extra income through the short-term rental economy. Pillow Residential makes short-term rental hosting easy, profitable, and compliant.   At Pillow, we envision a Global Living Network that makes travel accessible for all and gives everyone the ability to find home anywhere.
Optimize Revenue. Eliminate Fraud
SIGNIFYD’s full-service cloud platform simplifies fraud detection through a financial guarantee, allowing businesses to increase sales while reducing fraud losses. SIGNIFYD is in use by multiple companies on the Fortune 1000 and Internet Retailer Top 500 list.
Customers love that the Anaplan Connected Planning platform turns response time to real time
Cloud-based modeling and planning for sales, operations, and finance. Anaplan is disrupting the world of business modeling and planning. We built our platform from the ground up to empower companies to plan, collaborate, and act—in real time. Anaplan enables business users across your organization to turn the complexity of your business operations into powerful, easy-to-use models. Stay ahead of critical business events, rapidly model potential impacts and course correct on the fly.
The Leading Marketplace for Real Estate InvestingRealtyShares is the LendingClub for Real Estate.  We've created the leading marketplace for real estate investing through which individual and institutional investors can purchase shares in pre-vetted residential and commercial real estate properties for as little as $5,000 from the convenience of a laptop or tablet.  These investments are offered through real estate borrowers/sponsors looking for access to more efficient capital than what banks and other private capital sources are able to provide.    We streamline the investment process so investors can complete the entire process online, signing all documents electronically and transferring funds, securely through the platform.  We also provide investors with access to a dashboard through which they can monitor their investments 24-7.     We've had tremendous momentum with $160M+ in originations across over 300+ investments.  We've raised $32M in venture capital from USV, Menlo Ventures and General Catalyst Partners.
Meet Friends of FriendsWe believe the best way to meet new people is through friends. Rekindle discovers friends of friends--the people you can’t find on Facebook or LinkedIn--and gives you a simple way to connect with them.  Rekindle, Inc is a social/mobile company, backed by Google Ventures and many top angels and entrepreneurs.  We are currently hiring engineers and technologists with experience in application development. All inquiries please to jobs@rekindleapp.com
Invest in innovative tech startups with the stock market for private tech companiesForge is the stock market for private companies.  Forge gives accredited investors access to the most successful private companies in the world. Our secure platform makes it easier than ever to add pre-IPO equity to your portfolio—or gain liquidity if you're a shareholder—in a reliable, legal, and company-friendly way.  techcrunch.com/2018/07/25/in-hot-market-for-secondary-shares-one-player-equid…
Photo sharing for groups and communities
Thread is a mobile photo sharing app that allows groups and communities to connect via photo posts. The idea is to keep teams and communities closely connected, allowing each member to see the best of what's going on in the group, even if they can't be there in person.
automating real estate transactionsSurefield is fundamentally automating the residential real estate transaction with software.    We sell homes at market prices with expert support through every step of the transaction at a fraction of the cost of other incumbents.  Pricepoint is our big data tool that allows you to determine what your home will likely sell for by reviewing data and photos, making simple decisions to determine an evidence based, precise valuation.  We were the first to sell homes using 3D models and our methods save sellers a lot of wasted and time and even more money - our average sellers nets $20,131 more than they would with a traditional agent or Redfin.
Cell phone networks for anybody, anywhere
Endaga empowers anyone anywhere to build and operate their own cellular networks. Our technology is the first to enable independent, small-scale and profitable cellular networks, even in the most remote and sparsely populated areas on earth. Endaga is like Meraki for cellular networks: our technology reduces the capital and operational costs of rural cellular networks by multiple orders of magnitude, and our cloud-based management, interconnect, and automation services make being a cellular network operator as simple as plugging in a WiFi router. Our key insight comes from our experience working in international development. Local entrepreneurs in rural communities can leverage their understanding of local context and resources to operate more efficiently than outside organizations. Endaga empowers these rural entrepreneurs to build vital communications infrastructure for their own communities.
Online Content Curation Platform
Flipboard: News for our time, personalized for any interest. Flipboard is an award-winning curation platform, where people go to be informed and inspired. Longtime Silicon Valley entrepreneur Mike McCue founded Flipboard in 2010 with the belief that great stories move the world forward. Through the power of great storytelling, Flipboard gives people a single place to stay informed and get inspired to pursue their passions.
Social platform for virtual reality
AltspaceVR is the leading social platform for virtual reality. Our mission is to bring people together and foster real connections in VR—whether that’s sharing a laugh with someone from another part of the world, playing a round of disc golf with a friend, or attending a live concert, comedy show, or event. It is now used by people in more than 150 countries to share a variety of experiences and interact in the most natural and fulfilling way possible online. Investors include Tencent, Dolby Family Ventures, Raine Ventures, Lux Capital, Western Technology Investments, Maven Ventures, Promus Ventures, Streamlined Ventures, Comcast Ventures, Formation 8, GV (formerly Google Ventures), Foundation Capital, SV Angel, Haystack Fund, and Startcaps. AltspaceVR is based in Redwood City, CA.
Start your own subscription businessCratejoy is the only platform that is enabling subscription commerce to a broad market. Cratejoy’s aim is to make subscription as accessible as ebay or etsy make ecommerce today. Our vision is to bring the best business model in the universe to everyone on the planet.   There’s 3 pieces to that vision.   The first is our subscription commerce platform. There was no consensus for how to run a subscription business. We had to design those tools and build them. We have done it in a way that is accessible to the average online merchant.  The next piece is education. We built subscription school which is a free education site we run. Our team has deep subscription commerce expertise. We write articles, post videos and host webinars to teach people how to run subscription businesses.   Finally, we’ve built the marketplace. This is a consumer destination site that sells subscriptions. Consumers arrive at Cratejoy and subscribe to our merchants. We cross-sell additional subscriptions to them.
Easy Online Collections for Organizers
Moving payments and forms online one heroic volunteer at a time. Think Google Forms meets PayPal.
Manage your firm, cases, and clients easily from the cloud—and get back more of your day
We provide easy to use legal software that helps our clients manage cases, do client intake billing and more. We're more than just a tech company. We've got goals, hopes, and dreams, just like you. We want to serve a better solution to a centuries old profession and do some good in the world while we're at it—permanently We know our technology changes lives. If that’s something that speaks to you—you belong here, too.
The Unified Data, Analytics, & User Engagement PlatformOmniata platform enables the entire digital organization - Marketers, Product Managers and Data Scientists - to run their business based on data. Founded by a team of former Digital Chocolate and EA data leads, the platform integrates analytics, performance marketing tools, CRM, CMS, A/B testing, push notifications, and easy visualization tools into a single all encompassing solution.  Omniata specializes in integrating multiple sources of data into one, to create an integrated view of consumers across devices and platforms. 
Artificial intelligence for the enterprise. A new generation of solutions for financial servicesSymphony AyasdiAI’s powerful applications use existing data sources to detect detailed patterns and generate advanced insights. Financial institutions depend on Symphony AyasdiAI’s state-of-the-art machine learning to identify money laundering, detect mortgage fraud, maximize liquidity, understand customer behavior and predict customer churn. With Ayasdi AML, banks are cutting false positives by more than 20%, reducing investigation efforts, and savings tens of millions of dollars a year.   For the first time, financial institutions can address events as they’re happening—across the business and in every detail.
Welcome to the modern workplace! We handle everything that comes through your front doorEnvoy makes workplaces work better. With a focus on the details, we craft beautiful, modern software that elevates the workplace experience. Companies like Slack, Pinterest, Spotify, Nike, and American Express have worked with Envoy to welcome over 30 million visitors to more than 10,000 locations around the world. We are proudly backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Menlo Ventures, Initialized Capital, and many others.  Our mission is to challenge the status quo of workplace technology. This idea started at the front desk, where we set a new standard for visitor sign-in. Now, we’re looking around the office—to the mailroom, meeting rooms and beyond—and asking how can we make this better, too? We envision a world where technology is woven through our workplaces, all of it working together to make our time there delightful.   If this world sounds exciting, we'd love for you to help us build it.
One open system. For all of humankind. Together
The Human Diagnosis Project (also referred to as “Human Dx”) is a worldwide effort to build an open medical intelligence system that maps the steps to help any patient. By combining collective intelligence with machine learning, Human Dx intends to enable more accurate, affordable, and accessible care for all.
eCommerce Infrastructure through APIs (YC W15)At Moltin, we believe that brand experiences should never be obscured by technology and that commerce development should be simple, lightweight and fun.   Moltin is an API-first digital commerce solution that enables retailers to build distinctive shopping experiences and embed them into any consumer touchpoint. It combines an extremely flexible set of APIs, developer toolkits, pre-built applications and cloud infrastructure to make commerce development simple, lightweight and fast. Moltin APIs are the simplest, most powerful in the industry. Retailers can test new channels quickly, scale into new markets, and keep pace with ever-evolving consumer trends. With Moltin, commerce flows seamlessly across any channel, device and experience.   Moltin has a rapidly growing community of more than 17,000 developers around the world, pushing the boundaries of traditional commerce. 
Democratizing access to capital for small businesses
Finvoice is an enterprise SaaS company offering a lending as a service solution. Finvoice allows offline lenders to become online lenders through modern UX, 3rd party integrations, and data analytics.
Curated technical talent via code analysis (YC W15)Gradberry curates technical talent for fast-growing companies, by analyzing the code they have already written. Think pre-qualified software engineers exclusively for your company, sent every week, by an AI recruiter.  Gradberry learns from an employer's decisions on talent that is shortlisted, to ensure the ideal candidates are curated, in every batch. 303 companies are already using gradberry to hire engineers, since product launch in Feb 2015. 
Organic, Plant-Based Protein #hellotohappinessALOHA is on a mission to make healthy living simple and accessible to everyone through clean, organic, plant-based food. With focus on our Protein Powder, Protein Bars, and Superfood Greens categories, ALOHA creates organic products meant to be savored and enjoyed without sacrificing taste or nutrition. Every item is formulated to the highest standard, nutrient-rich, and thoughtfully packaged with deep respect for both people and the environment.   ALOHA is currently available at Target, CVS, Meijer, Stop & Shop, Shaws, Amazon, and many others. To learn more visit: ALOHA.com.
LA's Startup Accelerator
MuckerLab is a mentorship-driven, pre-seed startup accelerator focused on working with a small number of exceptional technology entrepreneurs to help them launch and scale their businesses through collaborative ideation, productization, go-to-market, marketing, user acquisition, sales, legal guidance, and fundraising.
Predicting the progression of disease & clinical risk of people with chronic illnesses
Spry Health predicts the progression of disease and real-time clinical risk of chronically-ill patients. The company has deployed Loop, its patient-centric remote monitoring solution, with a major Health System and patients suffering from COPD. Loop has already proven 90%+ patient compliance and demonstrated a 4.5 ROI. The Loop wearable (510(k), Class II) collects continuous vital signs and physiological biomarkers. By designing a solution that puts the patient’s needs first, the friction found in other remote monitoring devices is eliminated, resulting in high levels of compliance. Using machine learning, Loop Analytics contextualizes the data and identifies early signs of deterioration before symptoms are noticeable. Clinicians are provided with information to intervene and provide targeted care to these high-risk patients, resulting in better health outcomes and avoiding costly hospitalizations.
make bitcoins fasterHashFast Technologies is a fabless semiconductor company producing high-performance ASICs used for bitcoin network verification.  Our first chip, the Golden Nonce (GN), is out. Developed from scratch in under 6 months, the > 1 billion transistor GN chip performs more than 500 Ghash per second. Second and third generation chips are under development now.  HashFast Technologies was founded in San Francisco in 2013 by Simon Barber and Eduardo de Castro.
Positive JournalismA Plus is a digital media company that strives to deliver positive journalism to readers, with the intention of making a meaningful difference in the world by highlighting our common humanity, promoting personal growth, and inspiring social change.  We’re built from the ground up for the social age, and work with a select group of partner influencers to syndicate our best content through their social feeds.  In less than a year we’ve reached an audience of approximately 50 million monthly visitors by highlighting social issues, sharing breaking news, and creating original, entertaining content.
App Store Optimization, Insights and Intelligence ToolMobile Action is a self-serve all-in-one mobile marketing platform, complete with an integrated app system, to help advertisers of all sizes manage their campaigns across networks.  Mobile Action is the leading enterprise organic app marketing platform.Our mission is to be the next generation of enterprise software for mobile marketers. The tools web marketers are using are increasingly inadequate for a mobile-first world. As more attention, dollars, and resources are put towards effective mobile marketing, we will build innovative, easy-to-use, and powerful tools for enterprises and brands.  - Tracking Keyword Performance - Tracking Keyword Search Volume - Optimize Keyword - Optimize App Name - Optimize Descripiton - Competitor Analysis - Estimate Daily Downloads through Keywords - Advertising Budget Management - Monitor Daily Category and Overall Ranking 
Using customer data to build great product experiences that convert and retain usersAmplitude does mobile analytics to help app developers optimize their in-app purchasing, engagement, and retention. Mobile app usage is growing at a rapid pace but the options for analytics aren’t adequate to meet mobile developer needs.  Amplitude works out of the box with minimal setup while having all the advanced features that used to be reserved for enterprise products. With Amplitude, developers can look at their funnels, retention, and revenues, as well as powerfully segment everything. All data is updated in real-time the second it comes in.  Amplitude scales up to hundreds of millions of events while also allowing you to drill down to the level of the individual user. Amplitude supports integration at any level, including access to the raw data for custom querying written in SQL.  We're 100% focused on building the analytics we always wanted for mobile apps.
Political crowdfunding platform using big dataCrowdpac is a new political marketplace, using data science to make politics more accessible and politicians more accountable.  Crowdpac will make it easier for people to find and support political candidates that match their passions and beliefs.  In the process, we hope to end the stranglehold of big money donors and special interests on the political system, making it more open and responsive to the will of the people.
Stop hoping social works. Prove it
Inside Social is a social marketing platform that helps large brands and eCommerce companies do better social marketing. Our platform harnesses social media’s full potential by tracking the metrics that really matter. Our proprietary share tracking technology reveals the customers, channels, and content that are most effective at driving conversions through social, resulting in meaningful and actionable insights.
Helping enterprises unlock the knowledge trapped in cloud and local repositories Docurated is a knowledge sharing and collaboration platform that unlocks the best content and provides an innovative and useful way to turn all of your content stored locally and in the Cloud into actionable resources to be viewed, manipulated, and managed in a very aesthetic and visual manner.  Knowledge workers waste untold hours searching for content that exists somewhere in the depths of their company's file repositories. Often they end up having to re-create it from scratch. Docurated provides a layer over existing file systems, enabling you to quickly and easily surface, reuse and collaborate on your most relevant content. The applicable use-cases run across the various lines of business - anyone who produces and uses content can benefit.
Buy your dream car. Up to 40% Off. Delivered to you
Carlypso is a bay-area startup that is transforming the used car retail industry. For the first time, work with an advocate in your car buying process. Purchase the latest makes and models for $2,500 below competing dealers, all with guaranteed quality, and peace of mind. All of our cars pass a rigorous series of inspections and come with a thirty day money-back guarantee. Financing is available on nearly all vehicles.
Edmodo is the largest global education network
Edmodo is a global education network that provides communication, collaboration, and training tools to enable all learners to reach their full potential. On the platform, educators are at the center of a dynamic and engaging network that connects them to fellow teachers, students, administrators, and parents. Founded in 2008 with more than 65 million users across 370,000+ schools worldwide, Edmodo was designed to protect the privacy of students and teachers by providing a secure platform in which they can connect and share resources, leveraging both educational content and apps. Edmodo also offers tools that enable school leaders to take advantage of powerful analytics, deliver professional development, improve learning outcomes with frequent formative assessment, and curate all their educational content. The company is headquartered in San Mateo, Calif.
The TOMS shoes of water bottles - YC W15With every GiveMeTap bottle purchased you get free water refills from a network of cafes and restaurants in your city, and we provide one person in Africa with access to clean drinking water.  Use our iPhone application or look out for our windows stickers to find the nearest place where you can top up you bottle with free water. Save money and reduce plastic waste, all while enabling another person in an African community to get access to clean drinking water.  Water for You. Water for Everyone. 
Make beautiful apps in minutes
Propeller lets you create great mobile apps in minutes. For free. Native Android and iOS.
The Marketplace for Virtual Interior Design
Laurel & Wolf offers interior design services entirely online, which means you can design your space from the comfort of your home, your office, or even on-the-go using your internet-accessible device! In addition, we don't charge hourly fees. With our service, you'll pay a one-time flat fee per room to receive complete design services from our talented Laurel & Wolf designers.
Your most important numbers available at a glanceNumerous follows the most important numbers in your life and keeps them up to date, all in one place.  CNBC calls Numerous "a social network for your data". goo.gl/vqKYzY  Apple featured Numerous on the front page of the App Store as a Best New App. goo.gl/31K7rl  Available for iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, and Android.
Modern, mobile-friendly software driving measurable results and promoting quality practice
Binti is a Series A for-profit tech start-up in Downtown Oakland, California. We are a 38-person company on a mission to help every child have a safe, loving and stable family through our work building software for foster care and adoption agencies.
Our mission is to build a better way to do business in mobile
Button is the mobile commerce platform that maximizes the value of every tap. Through higher-converting technology, Button embeds commerce inside publisher apps so that brands can grow their mobile business, publishers can increase their mobile revenue, and consumers have a better buying experience on mobile. Intent is changing. By closing the gap between browsing and buying, Button has driven over $1 billion in spending to date.
World's first orchestration platform to boost the performance of your Cloud/CDN services
We are in stealth mode. We are a B2B networking venture. #Mobile #SAAS
Skills-based volunteer marketplaceAs the world’s leading skills-based volunteer matching platform, Catchafire makes it easy for anyone to use their talents for good and provides nonprofits with access to affordable, high quality talent. Nonprofits that work with Catchafire’s skilled volunteers solve some of their biggest challenges, save tens of thousands in professional fees, and build lasting relationships with talented supporters. Professionals who volunteer with Catchafire make new connections, build their resumes, and give back in a highly leveraged way that truly matters. Catchafire also partners with companies who want to boost retention and attraction by providing employees with skills-based volunteer opportunities that also serve as leadership development and learning opportunities.  Here's what others are saying: -- Help your Career and your Cause: on.wsj.com/2Mq0wUF  -- The Rise of the Tech Humanist: bit.ly/1kUdgzR
Collaboration Software for the Enterprise
Huddle is the #1 SharePoint alternative for Enterprise Collaboration and Content Management in the cloud and is used by more than 100,000 businesses globally.
The sleep startup that created the perfect mattress, sheets, and pillow for everyone
Casper (casper.com) is a global sleep company that launched in 2014 with an obsessively engineered, outrageously comfortable mattress sold directly to consumers. Its critically acclaimed sleep surface was developed in-house, has a sleek design, and is delivered in a small, "how did they do that?"-sized box. The company is one of the fastest-growing consumer brands of all time, and its product line has expanded to include sheets, pillows, a matching foundation, and a dog mattress. Casper was named one of Fast Company's 50 Most Innovative Companies in 2017, and its eponymous mattress was crowned one of TIME Magazine's Best Inventions.
Profitable perks platform/marketplace used by Time Warner, American Airlines, TriNet, more
PerkHub is an enterprise SaaS company that powers perks and group buying programs for some of the world's leading companies. Our customers include American Airlines, TriNet, Google and the .CO domain.
Embedded analytics API makes shipping custom user-facing analytics easy & seamlessKeen is the embedded analytics API that makes shipping custom user-facing analytics easy and seamless.  End-users increasingly expect modern analytics and visualizations to be embedded in applications. But despite what some might think, Embedded Analytics is not a solved problem.  The reality is that developers have to make decisions about every part of their stack and there’s no one-size-fits-all solution. - Which events should I send? - Is the data I’m sending clean? - Will my visualizations suit our UI/UX? - Who is going to manage this all after we ship it? - How do I handle stacking technical debt? (i.e., when it’s time to scale up two years from now, I’ll have to do it all over again and deal with a migration)  Keen does the heavy lifting to get developers to 80%, and leverage done-for-you building blocks to bypass the headaches, scale faster, and focus on the 20% of embedded analytics that drive unique value.
B2B SaaS Referral Automation Platform: Sales & Hiring ReferralsOutro, formerly QuotaDeck, is a Referral Automation Platform, where our clients can "Unlock the Hidden Value of Relationships"  Say goodbye to the manual process of making or receiving referrals & introductions for sales & recruiting. Our platform & algorithm will do the heavy lifting and streamlines the full process.   Outro quickly finds & connects you to new potential clients, employees, partners, investors, & more, within your organization's immediate & extended network, as well as the global Outro community.   You have employees, customers, advisors, partners, family & friends who are all willing to make referrals for you, but never have the time or the ability to do it. Outro shows them the people in their networks that match your Request, & gives them the ability to quickly make personalized, high quality introductions, with only a few clicks.   ps, investors have found Outro the easiest way to help their portfolio companies with introductions/referrals.  Techstars 2014 Boulder
Intuitive, streamlined social media managementBuffer is a market leader in the social media space as an intuitive, streamlined social media management tool trusted by brands, businesses, agencies and individuals to help drive meaningful engagement and results on social media. Over 4 million people have signed up to use our suite of publishing, analytics, and collaboration tools, all of which are carefully-chosen and highly-refined in order to help social media marketers and teams work more efficiently and effectively. Our mission is to help you succeed on social.  buffer.com  
Retail Analytics
Rubikloud is a leading machine intelligence platform for enterprise retailers. Rubikloud’s three core products (RubiCore, LifeCycle Manager, and Promotion Manager) target mission critical business problems at retailers. Rubikloud’s big-data architecture gathers retailer data from both legacy and new online and offline systems. This data is then used to help retailers make tangible actions that grow their loyalty revenue, promotion forecast accuracy, and merchandising profitability. The Toronto - based company works leading omnichannel retailers around the world.
Social Media ManagementSynthesio is an established international high growth technology company, with North American headquarters in New York City.  Recognized by Forrester and Gartner as an industry leader, Synthesio creates and delivers the tools that allow Fortune 500 brands and agencies to listen to, understand and effectively engage with consumers. By delivering social media data of the highest quality within 190+ countries & 50 languages, brands such as Toyota, Johnson & Johnson, and Tripadvisor receive crucial intelligence & insights into their market's opinions, wants and needs.  Decisions that make a difference in today’s rapidly changing landscape can be made with true consumer insight in a timely, cost-effective manner.  synthesio.com. 
Make servers and applications self-healing. YCombinator S14More Uptime. More Sleep! Neptune offers a one-stop incident enrichment and automation platform for IT Operations and DevOps teams.   Today DevOps engineers at most companies wake up at midnight to fix those frustrating and mundane server alerts. Amazon, Facebook, LinkedIn, Netflix built proprietary self-healing tools to fix most common server problems automatically.   Our team includes early pioneers who launched foundational AWS services like S3, and DynamoDB. We built one such self-healing automation tool for AWS before. Now through Neptune, we are making it available for everyone.
Enterprise application migrationAutomating on-boarding and deployment of server applications to private, public, and hybrid clouds, AppZero brings one-click appstore simplicity to Windows server applications.  AppZero is the fastest and most flexible way to move workloads across clouds and datacenter servers, without re-engineering, re-installation, or lock-in. 
 
 Taking an application-centric approach to moving Windows Server applications, AppZero uses application images rather than server or machine images. AppZero encapsulates an application and its dependencies in what it calls a “virtual application appliance” (VAA), without a virtual machine (VM). The result is application flexibility that is hypervisor-agnostic, cloud independent, and fast.
Match Every Developer to the Right Job
HackerRank is a technology hiring platform that is the standard for assessing developer skills for over 2,000+ companies around the world. By enabling tech recruiters and hiring managers to objectively evaluate talent at every stage of the recruiting process, HackerRank helps companies hire skilled developers and innovate faster. We are not afraid to challenge the status-quo, We debate respectfully and insightfully as often as we can, We never stop learning. We are obsessed with customer happiness We sweat the details in every interaction We optimize for speed. As time went on, students grew to love InterviewStreet. The only problem was that they weren’t able to sufficiently monetize the interview preparation website.
Esports game for players
Subdream is Social VR gaming studio located in Bay Area. Team has released VR 3 titles this year and will make social VR games that will fit for VR Arcade and also home users.
Instant global access to vital medical products via an autonomous drone delivery service
Zipline is a Silicon Valley-based logistics company that designs, manufactures, and operates small robot aircraft to deliver essential medical products. With Zipline, hard-to-reach communities can have fast, reliable, and affordable access to lifesaving medical products like blood, vaccines, and essential medicines, regardless of terrain or road infrastructure.
The structured messaging platform for B2B trade
Stedi is building a modern, elegant EDI platform to automate any B2B transaction. EDI (electronic data interchange) is the most powerful and commonly used technology you've probably never heard of - it's a standard data format for exchanging everyday B2B transactions such as purchase orders, invoices, and ship notifications. EDI is the only way to integrate with 90% of Fortune 1000 companies - including Amazon, Walmart, and their tens of thousands of suppliers (for example, Fitbit uses EDI to receive orders and send invoices to Amazon).
Portuguese food-ordering marketplaceMagnar is an online marketplace that connects clients to restaurants that do deliveries. The platform allows customers to order food in the same day to be delivered at their home or office.  We also created an app that gives restaurants the full autonomy to start generating delivery request and to manage their own menus in the mobile environment.   We monetize every time there is a transaction through our platform. At the moment we are focusing on office delivery and soon intent to start promoting dinner delivery.  The portuguese market is virtually untapped and, thus, we expect to advance quickly in order to become indisputable market leaders in 24 months.
Redefining furniture rental
Feather is redefining furniture rental for city living and helping people feel at home no matter where they live or how long they plan on staying. By giving people smarter options, Feather is able to keep more furniture in homes and out of landfills. Feather helps people own less and live more. We want you to have beautifully designed furniture without worrying about the buying, assembling, moving, and 'owning' stuff. Plus, we'll pick everything up when you're done with it.
Prefer connects you to the people and opportunities that strengthen your business
Prefer is a referral network for independent professionals to grow their businesses.
Buy business insurance  online in less than 5 minutesAt Huckleberry, we're on a mission to make insurance work for small businesses. Over the past decade, technology has changed the way we run companies—from accounting and tax prep to customer management and payment processing. But small business owners are still forced to buy workers' comp, general liability, and property insurance via an offline process that can take weeks to complete.  We want to change that by providing business insurance products that are simple, fast, and 100% online.
Video highlights and player performance automatically
Everyone knows that video is tremendously useful for an athlete, but no one wants to spend hours upon hours of their time making raw video useful. That's where Trace comes in. Using sensors and artificial intelligence, Trace automatically clips the game for players and coaches without any effort on their end. We couple that with player performance to make it easy for coaches to give feedback and for players to set goals and improve.
Aeronautics active control surface
VIRES Aeronautics is uniquely positioned to transform the aeronautics industry with its revolutionary wing design. They retrofit the wings of legacy aircrafts, enabling faster takeoff and landing, increased payload capacity, improved maneuverability, extended range, and reduced fuel consumption. Their technology also has the capacity to disrupt a myriad of other markets including, but not limited to, automobiles, submarines, ships, turbines, and trains.
Password & Digital Life Manager
PasswordBox® is the world's first digital life manager. It is a free service that allows users to securely store, retrieve and share passwords and other personal data anytime, anywhere, on any device. PasswordBox provides robust online security for users, without sacrificing convenience and ease of use, and is the only company that allows users to preserve their most important passwords with those they trust. The product's comprehensive feature set includes 1-click logins, strong password generator and secure sharing. PasswordBox is also leading the way in mobile innovation with 1-tap logins for 3rd party apps and the release of a secure digital wallet for iOS and Android users.
Predicting performance and fit through neuroscienceProphecy Sciences lets companies make better hiring decisions and build higher performing teams, using neuroscience.  The Prophecy Sciences assessment is fundamentally different from any personality or aptitude test on the market.  It uses a 30-minute series of neuroscience-based games to measure and predict aptitude, personality, and team fit.  For businesses, the assessment identifies the ideal candidate for the job, shows team dynamics and chemistry, and aids the development of top talent.  For individuals, it points the way toward careers and teams that offer the best fit for their cognitive makeup.  Prophecy Sciences is transforming the way people are hired, and the way talent is developed.
Manage your company's vulnerability - get penetration-testing assessments and go from find to fix
Cobalt is the new way of doing application security. Cobalt leverages a global intelligent community of security researchers to help modern SaaS organizations uncover security vulnerabilities. We run agile pen tests.
Cloud solutions for the collision repair industryEstify is spinning the collision industry on its head with a suite of services aimed to solve real pain in a technologically outdated industry.  EstifyTransfer: Solves a huge problem in the industry known as "rekeying." Transfer is the only third party solution in the industry that can import static estimate data into the current estimating platforms.  EstifyReconcile: When shops work with insurance companies, which is almost always, they need to go through line by line of their estimate and the insurance company's to see what they agree and disagree on. With Reconcile, the two estimates are uploaded and a list of changes, deletions, and additions is generated in a split second.  EstifyParts: Ordering parts is a phone/fax process that take hours and does not allow time for shops to get competitive bids on their orders. Parts changes that by sending parts list to providers electronically which creates more business opportunity for providers and more competitive pricing for shops.
Enterprise solution for home based patient monitoring and patient engagement>Healthcare landscape    Over 40 million have 3 or more chronic conditions and cost the 'system' on average $40,000 per year through ER visits, readmissions.    Five key factors to reduce such utilization are: A Care plan based approach, Improved patient provider communication, Patient education & engagement, Vitals measurement and tracking, Care coordination.  >Current Solutions fail    Current solutions are one offs and not holistic. Self management apps are not effective because lack of Payer and Provider participation. Kannact approach is an enterprise solution. Patient receives tablet and bluetooth medical devices. Tablet alerts provider if vitals are out of desired range. Tablet allows for instant video communication with Provider. Patient education content to engage. Gladstone comes with EMR integration.  >Technology    SAAS, Cloud, Mobile.  >Business Model    Per patient per month lease. Kannact negotiates performance based payment model with Payer to incentivize providers.
The vertical software platform for the homePorch provides software & services to several home service industries:  Inspectors - ISN is the #1 inspection software company. ISN helps inspection companies grow their businesses and offers their customers exclusive lifetime concierge benefits.  Moving - HireAHelper’s moving platform allows moving companies to manage their business and attract new customers.  Utilities - Kandela provides an award-winning customer experience to help utility customers and helps get partner program adoption for utility companies.  Contractors - Porch enables home professionals to find jobs and improve their business through both B2B and B2C software and services.  Real Estate - Porch’s software helps simplify the negotiation process for realtors and their clients, while helping make the move-in process easier for their customers.  Home Warranty - Porch helps warranty companies onboard new customers and make ongoing home maintenance easier.  Through our partnerships, we deliver services to consumers across the lifetime of their homes:  Pre-move - Porch helps homebuyers book inspections, get repair estimates, and find the right insurance policy. Book Inspections, Repair Estimates, Insurance.  Move-in - Porch provides homebuyers with technology and a Home Assistant to simplify their move. Movers, Security, TV/Internet, Utility Setup  Maintenance - Porch fulfills requests with fixed pricing and quality professionals. TV Mounting, Dryer Vent Cleaning, Carpet Cleaning, Gutter Cleaning, HVAC, Handyman.  Improvement - Porch supports larger home improvement requests through our pro network. Painting, Electricians, Plumbing, Remodeling, Roofing, Windows. 
Software for Modern Recruiting
Jazz is recruiting software designed to help growing companies: get candidates, get organized and get growing. Learn more about our award-winning software by visiting: jazz.co
Grow your business by learning why users convert, engage, and retain
At Mixpanel, our mission is to increase the rate of innovation. Not only as a company, but for the businesses we serve. Through our analytics platform, companies can analyze how and why their users engage, convert, and retain in real time across web, mobile, and smart devices. Then they can use that data to improve their business and products.
Empowering Artists to Create and Sell Their Designs to MomsAt BBP, we are a dual focus marketplace.  We aid moms in their quest to find unique baby products and at the same time provide a no-hassle outlet where artists can easily monetize their designs. For artists, our social commerce platform takes care of all the “business” stuff, freeing up time for an artist’s true passion, creating. They can simply upload their designs and get paid, we take care of the rest. Once uploaded that artwork is instantly available on over 30 products from wall art to iPad cases and onesies. If mom wants, she can use our one-of-a-kind customization portal ensuring every purchase is unique!  Think Etsy's artist community+CafePress's fullfillment services+Zulily's market.    As one of our future artists in the BoomBoom community said:  "Your platform will free up 70% more of my time for creating new art while generating me at least 50% more revenue. I love it!"   
International crowd-lending to make credit accessible worldwideBTCjam is the first international crowd-lending platform.  Most of the world is largely unbanked, and people have little choice but to accept unfair terms for personal financing. BTCjam offers a fair alternative on every connected device using a proprietary credit scoring model and the digital mobility of Bitcoin -- no banks involved!  With users in 200 countries and $15 million in facilitated loans, we are on track with our mission to address global, systemic issues of credit inaccessibility. Build the next generation of financial services and help us solve the unique challenges that come with developing international, financial infrastructure.
Beautiful, seamless sales automation
Sendbloom is a sales automation platform that helps inside sales representatives and SDRs prospect, segment, and nurture target accounts. We're getting our clients more qualified opportunities per rep at a fraction of the time and cost.
We bridge the distance between businesses and their customersShippo brings businesses closer to their customers by making shipping effortless. We enable magical moments where the digital and physical worlds converge.  E-commerce businesses struggle to operate efficiently with opaque and outdated shipping processes, which are at odds with consumer expectations of speed and ease. We build technology that shakes shipping of its complexities and connects businesses to the best delivery options. We lower global and physical barriers—enabling a duo in Tampa, Fla. to send mini cinder blocks to Australia and brides to buy their dream dress without setting foot in a store — so that businesses can create superb experiences for modern-day customers. Shippo powers everything leading up to the moment of delight when a package arrives in the consumer’s hand.  To learn and explore more about how we help sellers ship goods to buyers quickly and inexpensively, visit us at goshippo.com.  We are also #hiring and #growing! Join our group of outgoing, interdependent, and ambitious Hippos as we scale up.
The best lessons start with the best content
Newsela provides school districts with authentic instructional content that supports their curriculum, empowers teachers across subjects to promote standards-based instruction, and drives student engagement and learning. Content is published daily at 5 reading levels and aligned to standards with student activities and teaching scaffolds designed to bring lessons to life. With over 20 million users, Newsela is already helping kids improve their reading skills in all 50 states and more than 150 countries. We're looking for passionate, creative people with quick minds and warm hearts to join us. If you believe that all students deserve a more rigorous, more personalized learning experience, please apply to join our team.
Communication tool for unexpected downtime and scheduled maintenance
StatusPage.io is the easiest way to create a hosted, branded status page. In just a few minutes, you can have set up a public company page that shows how well your systems are performing, and lets your customers subscribe to be notified of future incidents with your system.
Our quantum systems give you the power to solve the world’s most important and pressing problems
Rigetti Computing is a full-stack quantum computing company. We build and deliver integrated quantum-classical systems through our Quantum Cloud Services platform to help our customers solve valuable business problems in energy, finance, science, and medicine. The company was founded in 2013 by Chad Rigetti and is based in Berkeley and Fremont, California.
Nanotechnology preventing critical sensor damage and blindness in autonomous vehicles
Autonomous vehicles are poised to deliver transformational benefits to drivers and society, but their sensor systems remain critically vulnerable to common environmental stresses such as stone impact and buildup of bug splatter, dirt, rain, snow, etc. At Alchemy, we aim to improve and preserve human lives by empowering vehicle safety technologies to reliably function in all climates and road conditions. We are sustainably and responsibly developing and commercializing nanocoatings to protect these systems from critical damage and loss of vision.
Simplicity. Flexibility. True IT business value
Simplicity. Flexibility. True business value. Welcome to an amazing future where C-level executives finally have the ability to drive growth via IT – anywhere.
A free app which makes team life simpleWe are redefining how groups in a massive, passionate vertical market self-organize, communicate, and create content.   We are focussing on one vertical initially, but the group characteristics apply to other markets as well.   The product will be mobile and web.
Control and Optimize for VMware environmentsopvizor is a crowdsourcing pattern recognition platform to predict and prevent datacenter related issues to  stabilize and optimize your IT. With opvizor® the customer will avoid 60% of support problems and benefit from a typical ROI of less than 3 months.   opvizor® offers the first cloud-based Software-as-a-Service application that provides automated support for virtual IT infrastructures. opvizor® offers a broad range of features that help stabilize a virtualized IT environment and prevent it from costly downtime and performance: - Automated analysis of actual/potential errors in Datacenter - Crowd-sourced automated rule/knowledge base (750+ pattern rules; 30% customer inputs, continuously enhancing) - up and running within less than 10 minutes - Track issues and get comprehensive information how to solve the issue in the most efficient way
The mobile publishing and distrubution platform to build companies’ mobile presenceAppsBuilder (apps-builder.com) is the innovative mobile publishing and distribution platform that empowers SMEs and large enterprises to build a solid mobile presence, reach new customers and improve client retention through powerful mobile apps.  Thanks to its powerful, yet easy-to-use platform, AppsBuilder represents companies’ best partner to expand business reach, while locking in existing clients with its effective app-based technology.  AppsBuilder’s services include all the state-of-the-art tools to create, manage and distribute mobile apps and reach a broader audience through a wide range of promotional channels, including QR codes, landing pages, social networks integration and app store submission.  To support SMEs in their marketing and client retention operations, AppsBuilder has developed a whole set of CRM tools to allow brands to engage with customers in long-lasting relationships and geolocalize their communications to maximize reach.
Solving Customer Identity for the Connected World
Adbrain is a global provider of intelligent identity resolution technology, used by digital marketers and their partners to create advanced customer ID maps. These maps are used to target and measure customers across devices, channels and platforms. With Adbrain’s innovative customer ID mapping solution, marketers and technologists have a clear view of their customer’s identity and can deliver a consistent, personalized customer journey across devices.
Package delivery customers loveDoorman has reimagined package delivery for e-commerce by perfecting the most important moment of shopping: when you actually get your stuff.   Schedule home delivery of your online purchases until midnight, 7 days a week, same day or weeks away. We give customers a new shipping address to use whenever they shop online, and once their packages arrive at our depot, customers use the Doorman app to schedule delivery to their front door until midnight, in convenient 1-hour windows, 7 days a week.
#1 Online Small Business CRMWe designed Insightly as a simple to use yet powerful CRM system for small business. Insightly helps companies effectively build happy loyal customers!  With integrations to social channels, Google Apps, Office 365, MailChimp, Evernote, PandaDoc, Zapier and more, and with great mobile apps for tablets and smart phones, Insightly is the leading customer management system for small business.  We believe web based software is the best choice for smaller businesses, because you don’t have to worry about anything technical like server upgrades or security fixes. We take care of all the IT stuff like backups, upgrades, and security so you can concentrate on what matters – running your business and getting on with the job.
The Secure Data StoreTrueVault is the first data security company entirely focused on protecting Personally Identifiable Information (PII). TrueVault decouples consumer identity from consumer behavior to eliminate data security risks and compliance liabilities, giving companies only the data they need. As organizations collect and store more data to drive their businesses forward, they are simultaneously increasing their risk and liability.  TrueVault removes 100 percent of that liability and ensures compliance with regulations such as HIPAA, GDPR, and the California Privacy Act. 
Financial services for: older adults, people with disabilities, and people in recovery
For the first time, people retiring at 65 have to plan for 35+ years of remaining life – bringing questions about longevity risk, cognitive aging, and paying for long term and medical care to the fore of financial decision making. True Link provides banking, investment, and insurance products to form a comprehensive approach to these deeply personal questions. +90% net promoter score, 3x'ing every year, $37B TAM, profitable lines of business in debit cards and robo advisory.
Helping companies develop far reaching and successful digital advertising campaigns
Integral employs complex heuristics to evaluate all content on web pages through multiple layers of proprietary and best-in-class data science technologies. We currently have industry-leading visibility, at the individual page level, across over 98% of the commercial web. Integral’s proprietary data science and human verification technologies have been designed by leading academicians in the data science and machine learning fields. Our rating methodology never relies on single source data to evaluate content — it weighs competing evidence sources to create the most accurate and comprehensive rating of page content.
One quick scan enables instant paymentYoyo Wallet is the largest multi-retailer mobile wallet in Europe. It provides fast and simple mobile payment solutions combined with an instant personalised loyalty and rewards programme for high street retailers, universities and corporate locations - backed by an easy-to-use analytics and campaign measurement platform.   The Yoyo Wallet product suite includes: an acceptance API for the integration of Yoyo into any Epos software (e.g. Micros), the Yoyo Accept app for smaller retailers, a set of Retailer Tools and the Retailer Campaign Manager powered by basket level data and profile information, and the consumer app available on iOS and Android.   Now in its 4th year, Yoyo was recently chosen by Marketing Week as one of the Top 100 Disruptor Brands and by KPMG as one of 50 FinTechs to watch globally.
A social marketplace for collectors Clect connects the high-spending collector communities with a one-stop marketplace where people can browse, sell and collect.   Right now, most collectors share via Pinterest, get social on Facebook, then buy through eBay. This is inefficient. We are combining all these experiences by creating a home for this fractured audience to not only house their collections to share and sell, but browse the collections of others - turning it into one simple and fun package.  We are launching with the Comic-Con crowd, some of the most passionate collectors of popular culture. They are a community that, in the last year alone, spent $6 billion through eBay and topped two million attendees at the top 10 Comic-Cons globally. We anticipate this targeted launch will allow use to easily scale into other collectible markets, such as sports, coins and music. There are over 200 million serious collectors worldwide and hundreds of millions of hobby based collectors. The market is huge.
Health Insurance Career Software for post-ACA worldWebInsure Exchange Payment Gateway is a point of sale solution for binder payments.   WebInsure Direct Enrollment implements the CMS Direct Enrollment model and allows your customers to determine eligibility, apply subsidies and enroll to Federal or State Marketplace without switching between different websites.  WebInsure Private Exchange allows you to offer employers and employees access to multiple sellers and health plan options.   WebInsure Exchange Manager, you can seamlessly and quickly integrate with exchanges, showcase and manage your products saving you time, effort and money.  WebInsure Financial Management: A financial management software created to meet the needs of health & dental plans and exchange entities.   WebInsure State: WebInsure State helps states deploy their health marketplaces and provide a comprehensive solution for citizens, small businesses and for insurance companies to sell their products.   
Reinventing Single Serve Coffee
Brewbird builds technology to make it easy and affordable for everyone to have a champion barista where they live and work.
Cab price comparison
Kabbee lets customer compare cabs (minicabs/private hire), book and pay in seconds from apps and web. Customer choose the quickest, cheapest, best rated or most reliable for immediate or future travel anywhere in Greater London. This means customers can relax knowing they have a good local provider while saving time and money.
your-mini-mobile-mood-boardPegg is something new when it comes to social apps: A ridiculously cute board, where all your stuff is shown together. There's no mixing of posts, or endless feeds like every other app.   On Pegg, you get your own distinct board to curate and update as often as you like. You can add vids, peggs, photos, and doodles. Whatever is moving you at the moment, really. And your friends get their very own boards, too.  And oh yeah, when you see another board you dig, just swipe up to give it a bump, it's that simple (and addictive). Wanna say more? No prob - you can chat with your friends on their boards about their posts, or whatever you want. It's totally up to you.
Manufacturing for the Fortune 5 Million
Matter is building better manufacturing for independent designers and small businesses. We make it easy for product designers to spin up production and logistics as easily as developers spinning up servers. We're starting with jewelry but that's just the beginning.
Radically different lingerieMeet Naja, the radically different, thoughtful lingerie brand that was created for smart, funny, courageous and sexy women.   Everything about us—from our fresh designs, our mission to empower women, and our ethical and environmentally friendly sourcing—is challenging the status quo in an industry that hasn’t changed much since the 1970’s. We're breaking down inefficient supply chains to create a fast fashion brand that does good for the world.  Think Zara meets Patagonia. Fabric made from recycled plastic bottles? Check. Lingerie worthy of the Paris runway? Check.  Empowering women around the world? Check.  Join us.  It's time someone did things differently.   Naja is backed by notable Silicon Valley and New York technology angel investors including Tim Draper, Joanne Wilson, Susan Lyne (former CEO of Martha Stewart Living), Mindy Grossman (CEO of HSN), John Pound (former Board Director of Gymboree), Maveron, and Andrew Mitchell.  Deck available upon request.
Creating an open legal system for the world Founded in 2014, LawTrades provides a flexible, scaleable, tech-enabled legal workforce that empowers the Fortune 100's to high-growth startups like AngelList, Stripe, and 500 Startups to deliver better legal work. We're based in Long Island City, NY.  We build and manage a global talent infrastructure at scale--so instead of waiting weeks or months for hiring, you can instantly deploy new talent to your team, scale up as your work spikes, and instantly scale down based on demand. Whether you need one attorney or hundreds, whether you need them for a a few hours or 2 years, you only pay for what you use.  Flexible talent platforms are changing the way we think about the future of work. LawTrades, the most trusted company in the space, is looking for smart people to join our growing team.   We make legal easy to use, strive to be the most trusted company in the space, and have built the world's leading platform for tech-enabled legal services.
Monitor Earth, discover trends, deliver insights
Planet Labs’ API and satellite imagery platform provide access to data with global coverage, high relevance (through a fresh and consistent, deep archive), autonomous operations, and ease of use. This upends the traditional satellite and aerial imagery market, which is centered around tasking spacecraft to point and image a specific area -- resulting in limited observations, missed serendipitous events, and high-touch operations and product delivery. Our platform is enabled by agile aerospace. This means that we 1) embrace Silicon Valley best practices across spacecraft development, mission control, and product development, and 2) leverage heavy investment made in consumer technology. We’re applying Moore’s Law to satellites.
Online food delivery platform for all restaurantsBring Me That (BMT) is an online food ordering platform that allows diners to enjoy online ordering from any and every delivery restaurant in the US.  The vast majority of the currently 45k restaurants listed on the platform have no other online ordering presence giving BMT the largest and most unique selection of restaurants from which diners can order online.  With no marketing, BMT has grown order volume at a 15% monthly CAGR since January 2014 and now processes more than $2M in annualized order volume.  Bring Me That is available at bringmethat.com and, as of July 2015, as an iPhone app on the Apple App Store.
Storytelling Company powered by Creator Platform & Studio
Madefire is a Creator-First Storytelling Company. Our goal is to be 'Where the Myths of the 21st Century are Created'.
Sensing the World in 3D with centimeter accuracy
Quanergy's low cost high performance high reliability LiDAR sensor is a critical building block for mapping, transportation safety and autonomous navigation. Capabilities include real-time 3D cm-accurate mapping and object detection, tracking, identification and classification.
Buy and sell stocks without a broker. Investing made easyRobinhood is on a mission to democratize our financial system. We believe it should work for everyone and not just a few. We offer commission-free trading in one, user-friendly platform.  Since our public launch in 2015, we’ve enabled millions of people to participate in the markets, cementing us as one of the fastest-growing brokerage firm ever in terms of customer accounts.   Robinhood has been recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and the 11th Most Innovative Company in the World by Fast Company. Robinhood's products have won the Apple Design Award, the Google Material Design Award, Fast Company's Innovation by Design award, and many others.
Sales. Mobile firstImmediately is a mobile platform for modern sales professionals. Our mission is to elevate the craft of sales to what truly matters - building relationships. We are more than just a mobile tool, we are a lifestyle that lets you bring your sales world with you anywhere, anytime you need it.  We integrate with Google Mail and Salesforce to help you breeze through the tedious administrative parts, so you can be doing more of the sales work you love. Logging calls and emails, updating your pipeline, scheduling meetings—it all becomes incredibly easy to do with just a few taps on your phone. That means hours of productivity gains per week, more genuine conversations that turn into closed deals, and a renewed focus on the moments that matter. 
The leading commercial leasing management solution
Hightower is the leading commercial leasing management platform that enables brokers and owners to better conduct their end-to-end leasing workflow.
Creators of the Connected StoreCloudTags creates Connected Stores. In comparison to the 1-3% of customers using the retailer's mobile apps on their phone while in the store, CloudTags allows physical store retailers to know products considered and emails for 15-25% of store customers on average who aren't ready to buy yet.  By re-engaging these shoppers with personalized digital content related to those products, via email and display, we convert them into customers and consistently increase average order value by 30%. We call our methodologies "in-store remarketing."  CloudTags allows physical store shoppers to explore the store and research product via beacon and NFC-powered customer tablets, provided by the retailer. We've aligned incentives of the commission-based salesforce through our Connected Commissions tracking system. If the customer provides an email and buys later online, both the store and sales associate get attributed credit for those sales. 
Book unique camping experiences on over 300,000 campsites, cabins, rv parks, public parks and moreHipcamp is a marketplace connecting campers and land. We are bringing the world's public campsites online, unlocking private lands for camping, and getting more people outside.   Our mission is to get more people outside by increasing access to the outdoors.  Discover Hipcamp for yourself: hipcamp.com/discover
AI Personalization & Marketing SoftwareReSci's mission is to make artificial intelligence accessible and usable for brands. We are a marketing automation platform powered by AI, that predicts customer behavior and helps create one-to-one interactions with customers via email, mobile, and web.   ReSci personalizes AI-driven lifecycle marketing campaigns for the world's most innovative brands including: Target, Dollar Shave Club, Unilever, Sugarfina, Olay, Violet Grey, and more.   Our team consists of passionate engineers, dedicated client partners (account managers), ambitious sales account executives and more. Many of our team members have founded companies previously, and we strive to provide an environment to foster personal and professional growth.  We're honored to be named a "Most Innovative Startups in Los Angeles" by Inc. Magazine, an "Innovation Agent" award by Fast Company, and "Top 10 Software Company in Southern California" by SocalTech. We'd love to hear from you!
The customer data platform for the connected age
Founded in 2013, mParticle is the leading customer data platform that unlocks the full power of data for businesses. The company empowers brands to accelerate their growth strategy to keep pace with their customers by providing the most advanced data platform for web and apps across all devices in the marketplace. A trusted partner among renowned brands such as Airbnb, NBC Universal, Accuweather, Starbucks and Spotify among many others, the mParticle platform has grown to handle over 1 billion mobile users each month, collecting over $10 billion in e-commerce transactions and processes over 1 trillion API calls. Recognized as one of Crain’s 100 Best Places to Work in New York City and named to Gartner’s “Cool Vendors in Mobile App Development” list, mParticle has 120+ employees and is headquartered in New York City with offices in San Francisco, Seattle, Florida, and London.
Live 1:1 help from expert developers
Codementor (codementor.io) is a leading on-demand developer marketplace for live mentorship and freelance projects. Our freelance platform CodementorX (hire.codementor.io) connects world-class developers with startups and engineering teams on demand.
Visibility and control for DevOps teams - now part of New Relic
Opsmatic enables technical teams to move faster with greater confidence by providing configuration monitoring across the entire infrastructure with automated drift detection, policy assertions, search, and a historical timeline to stay on top of all changes. The company was acquired by New Relic in October 2105
The Leading Cloud-Based Health and Wellness Destination
WellnessFX combines cutting-edge diagnostic tests, expert consultations with medical professionals, and easy-to-read data visualizations to give everyone the resources they need to understand and improve their health. Named one of FastCompany's 2013 Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Fitness
SignalFire is a complete redesign of the modern venture firm based on years of careful study and development by a team of world-class investors and engineers. The end result is a radically different tech-enabled model that brings unparalleled firepower to solve the biggest entrepreneur pain points. We invest out of two funds (seed/small A) and a later stage fund for companies that have found strong traction and are "breaking out". Our distributed network approach provides expert advice from some of the world's best entrepreneurs, product & engineering leaders in virtually every key discipline and industry. We have developed a first of its kind centralized infrastructure to help with recruiting exceptional talent, business development, customer acquisition as well as educational & community events. We don’t follow the crowd, and almost always lead our investment rounds as the first institutional investors in exceptional companies. You can read more at signalfire.com
Mobile marketplace to shop and sell kids fashion (500 startups B9)Totspot is a mobile marketplace for moms to shop and sell kids fashion.  $50B is spent on kids fashion (clothes, shoes and accessories) in US every year. That is $50B added to kids closets every year. Totspot is a delightful shopping experience where moms can shop kids closets directly and save up to 70% vs. retail.  List and Sell: With an instagram like ease, moms can list to sell their kids pre-loved clothes, shoes and accessories within 30 seconds.   Shop: Moms discover and shop for kids fashion on the go. Instead of shopping a retail online, moms shop each kids' closets across America. The shopping experience is social where moms can like, comment, share and engage with other moms to buy.   Transactions & delivery: All transactions are handled within the app. Checkout and payout for buyers and sellers is simple. Once an item sells, USPS integration simplifies P2P shipping.  Community: Moms engage and connect through collaborative messaging in-app.
Heroku for Deep Learning
FloydHub (YC W17) is Heroku for deep learning. A Platform-as-a-Service for training and deploying your deep learning models in the cloud. Floyd takes care of the engineering grunt work so you can focus on the core of your problem.
Serverless CDN for video (YC W17)
Online video is exploding, but technology to deliver it is growing at a much slower pace. This has created suboptimal user engagement levels and an inefficient situation for broadcasters. As video continues to explode the problem becomes more obvious, but now, using new technologies, including HTML5 and WebRTC, the situation can be addressed like never before. Today, super scalable can exist in real-time and in-browser, without any invasive plugins or software. The hybrid Peer5 platform, built on top of these technologies, uses both HTTP and P2P mesh networks to optimize content delivery, improving QoE (peak resilience, buffering, loading time) and thus revenues. The mesh network and P2P offloading system also reduces bandwidth usage, saving content providers money.
Seed-Stage Venture Capital Firm
BDS Capital makes equity investments in early-stage and mid-stage private companies
Wield the web as a database to outsmart competitors
Thinknum is a Fintech company that organizes the Internet’s commercial activity into data models. Thinknum provides real time granular data (e.g., the average discount for Michael Kors handbags vs Coach handbags across retailers). Thinknum works with major financial institutions, corporations, government entities and schools.
Market intelligence and analytics for commercial real estate
REscour is a data platform and decision engine that utilizes proprietary market analysis based on massive data aggregation to identify commercial real estate investment opportunities. REscour is not one-size-fits-all and communicates custom, tailored recommendations in real-time based on our users' own portfolios and market preferences. REscour provides commercial real estate professionals a significant competitive advantage by offering answers to questions before they're asked.
Inventory Management & Business Intelligence for Square, Clover and Paypal HereShopventory is simple inventory management and business analytics for the next generation of mobile points of sale (MPOS) including Square and Paypal Here.  Business owners utilizing PayPal Here or Square spend hours manually counting inventory and dealing with complex spreadsheets. Shopventory provides an automated inventory management system allowing businesses to do inventory in minutes while also providing actionable metrics to help businesses increase sales and reduce costs. 
Sustainable water filters sold on a subscription
Soma is a subscription business in the beverage industry. Our first product is a sustainable glass water filter ($59). Replacement filters are shipped to our customers every two months for $12.99. We launched in September 2013 going direct to consumer online selling over 10,000 units. We now have nearly 10,000 active subscribers. To increase both brand awareness and our subscriber base, we are now partnering with national retailers. We're also working on the launch of two new form-factors (designed by Tom Chi, the co-founder of GoogleX) and a number of new consumables.
Skilljar is transforming the way enterprises onboard, engage, and retain their customersBacked by prominent financial institutions, including Mayfield, Shasta Ventures, and Trilogy Equity Partners, Skilljar is the leading enterprise customer training platform, transforming the way organizations onboard, engage, and retain their customers. Trusted by leading global companies like Zillow, Slack, Tableau, Liberty Mutual, Cisco, Verizon, and U-Haul, Skilljar provides the essential tools and foundation for successful customer and partner engagement and enablement.   We are a team of bright, dedicated Skillets with startup drive and a passion for education. Headquartered in Seattle, WA, Skilljar is currently operating remotely, with employees based in Washington, Oregon, California, and Colorado. 
Organization a company no matter the size and keep track of travel costs, it's the time that counts
We help companies reduce their travel spend by incentivizing employees to spend less on business trips. Our patented algorithm uses real-time market data to produce custom trip budgets, and when travelers beat them they get to keep half of what they save.
Prospect Engagement PlatformSales Beach starts conversations with decision makers. There is no better way to start a sales process with another company than reaching out and introducing yourself. Sales Beach allows you to do this, at scale, in a personalized way that drives engagement and responses from your prospect list.   Sales Beach helps companies identify which of their leads have a need or desire for their product or service by systematically reaching out to them via automated email drip campaigns. This is cold calling 2.0, fully automated in a way that delivers superior results to actual cold calling.   The result is your team having more conversations, and less time starting them. More frequent, higher quality conversations leads to more qualified leads, which leads to more opportunities for your sales team to close and bring in revenue.
Optimizely for User Onboarding
myTips helps SaaS businesses onboard new users and convert them to paying customers with the help of timely, relevant, in-app tooltips and product tutorials. In essence, myTips is Optimizely for user activation, the easiest way to build, A/B test and analyze user onboarding experiences without coding. Try it here: mytips.co
Create, discover and share visual collections in creative waysSlidely is developing a suite of inter connected applications to create, capture and discover visual moment collections. Over 2M/Mo. users and growing rapidly, 1M organic FB fans.  Slidely works at beautiful user experiences, and solve the fragmented space of online/offline moment sharing, a Slidely collection can be experienced as multiple beautiful visuals.  vimeo.com/67114411
"uber/lyft" for fitnessReinventing the gym in the mobile and social age.   "Uber/Lyft" for fitness.  Check it out at fitmob.com or download the iOS app at itunes.apple.com/us/app/fitmob-app/id803632773?mt=8 !
Cross border Angel fund
We are a cross border angel fund with in house design and research services for our portfolio companies. We invest in startups from seed to series A within the mobile, big data and cloud sectors.
The first e-commerce gateway built to make online shopping experiences seamless Two Tap is the first e-commerce gateway built to make online shopping experiences seamless across the entire web.  Two Tap enables in-app purchasing of any product from 850+ retailers and works on all devices.  •	Universal shopping cart:  Order multiple products from multiple retailers within one checkout interface  •	Retain visitors:  Consumers have a convenient way to buy products without leaving the mobile app or website  •	Increased conversions:  Simple checkout button leads to lower shopping cart abandonment  •	Pass-through model:  Retailers process their own payments and keep their sales data while shoppers still receive standard order confirmation emails  •	Affiliate ready:  supports all major affiliate networks including Commission Junction, Rakuten Linkshare, Skimlinks and Viglinks  •	Platform agnostic:  API-powered interface means Two Tap supports desktop, mobile and wearable tech platforms  •	Customer insights:  Learn more about customers by keeping track of what they buy 
Food tech platform connecting restaurants to people at workPowered by technology and a network of over 1000 restaurants, Fooda feeds hungry people at work through our ongoing food programs located within companies and office buildings. Every day, each Fooda location is served by different restaurants that come onsite and serve fresh lunch from their chef’s unique menus. Employees love Fooda because we provide an affordable everyday lunch option, which we make sure never gets boring. Employers are happy because people are more productive when they don’t have to leave the office to eat. Fooda operates in seven major US cities and plans to continue its expansion across the United States and internationally. Eight out of ten employees believe Fooda is their company’s number one perk.    Learn more about Fooda by visiting our website at fooda.com
A new way to lose weight based on medical research and science that really works
Noom Inc., a leader in mobile health coaching, combines the power of technology with the empathy of real human coaches to deliver successful behavior change at scale. Our direct-to-consumer weight loss and exercise tracking mobile applications have reached more than 40 million users worldwide. Leveraging the success of our ground-breaking health and fitness programs, we have developed a behavior change platform to treat chronic and pre-chronic conditions, beginning with the CDC’s Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP). On the first day the CDC began recognizing mobile and online DPP providers, we were there. Since then, we’ve expanded our curricula across the acuity spectrum and now feature programs for pre-hypertension, hypertension and diabetes management, in addition to our flagship weight loss and diabetes prevention programs.
First Smart Home Security Device for Everyone
Canary is a New York City startup transforming the way people connect to the physical places they care about. Our first product—a video-based all-in-one home security solution—launched in 2015 after setting records as one of the most successful crowdfunded products on Indiegogo. We've continued to build and launch award-winning hardware products and user-friendly software in the connected home and IoT space. Our products are available throughout the US, UK, and Europe and we have a global (and growing) base of active and engaged users. We're currently building a platform that will scale to process more real time video, audio, and sensor data than any consumer product on the market.
The power of local marketing
Alignable shifts the power to local businesses by giving them a place to network, market together, grow and support their communities.
Putting Your Logs to Work for You!At LogDNA we're building a fast, modern log management platform that offers the flexibility of an amazing developer experience with the trust of enterprise-grade infrastructure and compliance. Whether you're two dogs in a garage, or hundreds of developers all working towards a single goal (IBM, Instacart, Lime Bike), you can trust us with anywhere from kilobytes to petabytes of logs.  We're in a golden age for developers, and we're no longer willing to settle for legacy architectures or slow, buggy, "Enterprise" experiences. We are passionate about building a consumer quality product experience, architected for modern development trends like containerization and hybrid cloud environments, as well as around modern tooling like Kubernetes.  We're venture-backed by Emergence Capital (of Salesforce, Box, and Gusto fame), and Initialized Capital (of Reddit, Coinbase, and Patreon fame). We're hiring rapidly and looking for more like-minded, ambitious folks eager to change the status quo!
The easiest way to buy and sell used furnishingsMoving? Downsizing? Refurnishing? Finally, there's an easier way to buy and sell home furnishings: moveloot.com  Move Loot rationalizes the fragmented used furniture market by serving as an intermediary: picking up furniture from sellers, storing it in our warehouse, cleaning, photographing, and posting it to our marketplace (and others), and finally selling it to a needing buyer.   We are the most convenient and valuable option for both buyers and sellers, now in San Francisco and the Raleigh/Durham area of North Carolina. 
Toys for tomorrow
Tinybop is a Brooklyn-based studio building a series of educational apps that help children develop a foundational understanding of the world. The goal is fun, interaction-driven play that leads to deep immersion and understanding. Our apps are translated into 50+ languages and are available worldwide.
Phone System for the Mobile WorldSendHub makes business communication fast and simple, on any device. Our all-in-one phone system provides SMS, voice, file and conference call functionality in an easy to use mobile app. Instantly set up an entire communication system that is fully scalable, with no hardware or contract required.    Business Communication Simplified    *Reliability: SendHub delivers crystal clear voice and clarity. Our Voice V2 platform sets a new standard for call quality and reliability.    *Easy Setup: Quickly set up an entire communication system for your team or business. No hardware or contract required.  *Mobile focus: Sendhub enables your team to text, call, share files and launch conference calls with the smartphones they they already use.  Additional Features: Conference Calls Auto Attendant  Call Transfer  Company Directory  Contact Sharing  Voicemail Transcription Message Forwarding Real-Time Usage Analytics
The mobile money meter
For the majority of people who don’t like budgeting, Level is building a real-time money meter, enabling effortless personal financial control and new models for financial services. Instead of categorizing transactions and tracking bank balances, Level empowers members to easily understand cash flow by automatically detecting income and fixed expenses from linked financial accounts.
Reach into virtual reality with your bare hands
Leap Motion is transforming how we interact with technology using the original interface: the human hand. Over the last two years, we’ve shipped almost half a million motion-tracking controllers to developers and consumers around the world, opening up new possibilities for a platform beyond the screen – from music and gaming, to healthcare and education, to the next generation of VR/AR interfaces. By bringing people and computing devices closer together, a career at Leap Motion offers the opportunity to help bring science fiction to life.
Most advanced computer glasses in the cosmosThe meta 1 is a new kind of computer, comprised of stereoscopic glasses combined with super low latency gesture tracking.   On our team: Columbia Prof Steven Feiner, who made the term augmented reality famous. Prof Austin Reiter & CEO Meron Gribetz (who has developed similar devices for military applications), both build our patented hand and object tracking algorithms.  Natural computing is the future and we have the strongest lead.
Transforms a traveler’s entire hotel experience from booking to checkout
Stayful transforms your hotel travel experience by streamlining everything from booking to check out. With just three taps on your smartphone, you'll get the best online rates on the best hotels for you. Then use our app for fingertip access to hotel services during your stay: check in, receive upgrades, order room service, request concierge assistance, schedule housekeeping, and even send your bill directly to your expense report service after your stay.
Built for marketers, trusted by engineers, designed with intelligence
Iterable is the growth marketing platform that enables brands to create, execute, and optimize campaigns to power world-class customer engagement across email, push, SMS, in-app and more with unparalleled data flexibility. We are an integrated, cross-channel solution—Iterable is built for marketers, trusted by engineers, and designed with intelligence. We know this space well: our product team built the growth systems that powered Twitter’s early success. We've raised a $60M Series D from top-tier investors like Index Ventures and CRV, and hundreds of companies like Zillow, SeatGeek, and Box rely on us to captivate their many millions of users. Iterable's momentum grows daily and there has never been a more exciting time to join the team! We've been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work - SF for two years running and now we have made Best Places to Work - Denver for 2020. In addition, Wealthfront ranked us in the top 10 on their 2020 Career Launching Companies List and we’ve earned ourselves a top 20 spot among the SaaS 100. Lastly, we have a nationwide presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, and Denver, plus our first international office in London.
Care Coordination PlatformPatient IO is the first and only care coordination solution that can be integrated with virtually any healthcare software system, including EHRs and population health management programs. Headquartered in Austin, TX, Patient IO’s mission is to help healthcare organizations transition into value-based care by helping them coordinate care between patient visits.  Care coordinators can directly use the Patient IO dashboard to deliver care plans, track adherence & respond to clinical alerts. The platform can also be controlled programmatically via the Patient IO API. As a result, deep integration with existing EMR & care management workflow is possible.  Patient IO can be deployed as a white-labeled mobile & web app. In addition, the Patient IO SDK is available for iOS & Android and offers full control over mobile app look & feel, including embedding in the existing Mayo Patient app.
Smarter Feeding for Healthier Pets
Petnet's first product, the SmartFeeder (petnet.io), looks to disrupt the $70B pet food supply chain by becoming the catalyst for all pet food purchase decisions in the home. The SmartFeeder provides owners with an unparalleled view into pet consumption behavior with actionable information relating to nutrition, portion size, and food quality to help guide owners to make tailored purchases for their pet. 
Media Technology Startup Accelerator
Media Camp is a comprehensive accelerator program that educates entrepreneurs and enables them to build and grow innovative media businesses. Key features include unparalleled education on the media business and media technologies, formal mentorship from industry experts, and direct investments.
Building delightful robots for children to program. Formerly Play-iDiscover a new world of play, learning and adventure - Meet Dash, the explorer and Dot, the storyteller.  Delightful robots that fuse play with programming for every child.  makewonder.com
The Ultimate Cyber Security Weapon
Synack, the most trusted crowdsourced security testing platform, delivers smarter penetration testing to security teams who need a scalable, efficient way to test their attack surfaces on a continuous cadence and get actionable results. Synack’s crowdsourced penetration test is powered by the world's most skilled and trusted ethical hackers and augmented by AI-enabled technology to give customers the best of human intelligence and machine intelligence. Headquartered in Silicon Valley with regional offices around the world, Synack protects leading global banks, federal agencies, DoD classified assets, and close to $1 trillion in Fortune 500 revenue. A 4-time CNBC Disruptor 50 company, Synack was founded in 2013 by former NSA security experts Jay Kaplan, CEO, and Dr. Mark Kuhr, CTO. For more information, please visit synack.com.
Predictive Marketing PlatformTellApart is an enterprise software company that provides a suite of digital marketing solutions that allow leading retailers to increase sales by unlocking the power of their customer data.  Leading ecommerce companies like Amazon and eBay have thrived because they have mastered the art of analyzing and acting on their customer data. Yet, while shoppers share a wealth of information about their purchase intent most retailers aren’t leveraging this precious asset.   Enter TellApart. Founded and led by some of the best minds in advertising technology, TellApart provides a suite of digital marketing solutions that help retailers leverage their own customer data to drive revenue.
Finally wear a bra that fits perfectly and is as comfortable as a second skinStarting from humble beginnings in our founders'​ living room, ThirdLove® has grown to become one of the fastest growing brands in the US. We are empowering women to feel comfortable and confident in their everyday lives by making bras that fit perfectly, feel incredible, and look stellar.   We are a rapidly growing team (over 350 today) based in San Francisco with offices in Chico, CA and Argentina. We’re funded by Tier 1 investors and are disrupting a $100 billion global market. We’re one of the fastest growing consumer brands in the country, and known as ‘the brand to catch Victoria’s Secret’.  If you want to impact millions of people each and every day, and you share these values, we’d love to connect!  #TeamIsEverything to us - if you agree all of our open positions are listed here: thirdlove.com/careers
Wish is an eCommerce platform that lets users shop millions of products at deep discounts
Wish aims to help save the average consumer money by providing essential items at bargain prices. we actively seek out the lowest cost items and present them to customers based on their previous purchases, interests, and wish search history. with international shipping, we can provide goods to people around the world!
Predictive customer intelligence & insights driven by NPS (Net Promoter)
Promoter is the most comprehensive customer intelligence & engagement platform built to drive growth and customer retention. We combine constant actionable feedback using a best-practice NPS approach alongside internal customer data from hundreds of sources to provide unparalleled customer insights.
Helping startups get legal stuff done right (and fast)Clerky focuses on offering legal paperwork preparation services to start-up businesses.  core product offerings focus on start-up formation, fundraising,  hiring,  commercial, and maintenance endeavors.  for example, our fundraising platform raised over $5 billion from over 1,000 top seed investors.
Policy Driven Cloud Management
CloudHealth Technologies is changing the way organizations manage cloud environments through a policy-driven approach and focus on cloud governance. The company's cloud management platform consolidates, evaluates, analyzes and optimizes data from disparate data sources. This results in an optimally performing cloud environment, enabling enterprises and service providers to align cloud operations with business objectives, while reducing costs and ensuring service levels are being met. The company is backed by Scale Venture Partners, .406 Ventures and Sigma Prime Ventures and is headquartered in Boston, MA. 
Private PaaS Enablement
Apprenda is an Enterprise Private Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) that enables any organization to transform their existing infrastructure, or private cloud investments into a self-service cloud application platform. By decoupling applications from infrastructure and Developers from IT, Apprenda empowers organizations to achieve significant cost savings and massive productivity improvements that result in better business/IT alignment.
We help you navigate the New Product Introduction process as you launch complex products
Dragon Innovation (acquired by Avnet in 2017) provides solutions for the fastest, simplest, and safest way for companies to manage manufacturing complex products at scale. Founded in 2009 by the leadership team at iRobot who launched and scaled the first 4MM Roomba®s, Dragon Innovation has deep experience with high-volume electro-mechanical products. Our customer portfolio, encompassing both early stage and established companies, includes Ring, Dropcam, Shopify, SharkNinja, American Kennel Club, Sphero, Makerbot, reMarkable, Theragun, Coravin, and many more of the top name brands in innovative technology. Dragon’s team focuses on the path from Prototype to Production with unmatched human expertise that simplifies and de-risks the New Product Introduction (NPI) process. Over the last decade, Dragon Innovation has been a manufacturing partner to hundreds of companies producing millions of quality products on time and on budget.
Proven content. Proven engagementCreating successful content is not easy, especially with: increased competition for attention, expanding consumption and delivery models, and audience fragmentation just to name a few. Existing tools and services are just doing more of what doesn't work faster. For instance: native ads aren't credible, syndicated content doesn't drive traffic, curated content primarily drives traffic to others, amplification equals "dumb eyeballs" which promises little to no engagement.  Enter Written.  Nearly all of the content a brand needs already exists. That content already has readers, and a meaningful and engaged audience. Written licenses content from the Web’s top bloggers. We match a brands audience and keywords to top-ranking content by bloggers that their audience trusts. It’s instant audience, instant visibility, and most importantly, it’s authentic engagement. Our platform automates the entire process of finding, licensing, paying, and publishing the licensed content to a brand site.
Unlimited Cloud Storage For Your Media (YC S12)
Streem is a magical drive on your device that lives in the cloud and gives you unlimited space. Unlike other cloud storage tools, Streem takes up no space on your computer, but still gives you instant access to your files without any lag. All media on Streem is converted on-the-fly so you can access it seamlessly regardless of the device or bandwidth. Over 80% of our users come back every week and 50% refer another within the first week.
Find a top-rated dentist in minutes
Opencare is on a mission to untangle healthcare. We believe that preventive care is the best path to optimal health, so we work hard to make the patient experience as transparent, convenient, and comfortable as possible. Today, we are focused on connecting patients to exceptional dental care, which means only recommending the top 10% of dentists in the city. At every step of the patient journey - from personalizing the initial search, to making it effortless to book appointments online, to ensuring the actual visit is as enjoyable as possible - we make sure patients are properly cared for throughout the entire process. We are: + The fastest growing healthcare discovery platform in North America + Founded by serial entrepreneurs who have built and sold multiple companies. + A team that puts culture first: opencare.com/culture + Funded by top-tier US VC firms and angels (8VC, ffVC, Real Ventures, Collaborative Fund, and more)
International shipping built for international e-commerce
BoxC is a technology company that provides access to an open international e-commerce shipping platform that opens trade lanes to 50 countries and growing. All pay as you go. Unlike traditional infrastructure, international e-commerce shipping is available without the burdens of capacity planning, carrier contracts, partner integration and fragmented commercial customs clearance including tax and duty calculation. Additionally, included is artificial intelligence for data enhancement of descriptions and HS codes, prohibited and restricted item screening and denied party screening. An integrated and streamlined global parcel insurance service is also available. All with one API integration. All features of BoxC's platform are accessible to every shipper and logistics provider. No matter if building a large, complex e-commerce shipping network, expanding a delivery service area, or needing better international e-commerce shipping for packages.
guest retention platform for hotelsVoyat is the technology company powering direct connections between hotels and customers online and on-property. Using Voyat’s lightweight platform, hotels can achieve true 1:1 relationships with their guests and present offers, promotions and guest loyalty rewards tailored to every individual. Voyat creates a lasting digital link between every guest or visitor at a hotel property via a WiFi connection to strengthen the direct booking channel and increase customer lifetime value.  Leading hotel brands including The New York Palace, Morgan’s Hotel Group, Mövenpick Hotels and many others rely on Voyat technology to enable personalized interactions with their customers which drive higher direct and repeat bookings and define a new tier in guest loyalty. Voyat, founded in 2012 by Bob Lund and Benjamin Habbel, is a global company headquartered in New York City with offices in Barcelona, Spain and clients across North America and EMEA.  For more information please visit voyat.com.
Send a little something! Fresh Stems + Sweet SurprisesBloomThat is on a mission to make sending a little something a big movement.   Founded in 2013 in San Francisco by friends David Bladow, Matthew Schwab and Chad Powell, the on-demand feel-good service celebrates life’s many milestones (and all the little moments in between). With products ranging from handcrafted bouquets to other curated goods starting around $25, BloomThat is a fun and easy way to brighten anyone’s day. Currently available within an hour or so in the San Francisco Bay Area, Silicon Valley and New York. BloomThat also offers next-day delivery all over the U.S. of A!   For more information, please visit BloomThat.com, download our iOS app, or check us out on social media: instagram.com/bloomthat, twitter.com/bloomthat, facebook.com/bloomthat.
Connecting Investors with Investment Real Estate
The $300 billion commercial real estate financing market is ripe for disruption. CrowdStreet is an equity crowdfunding platform connecting accredited investors with exclusive real estate investment opportunities and providing ongoing investor relationship management. Investors get direct access to high-quality, income-producing and professionally-managed investments. Property owners (Sponsors) have a new source of capital to help them acquire, refinance and/or refurbish their properties. 
Free Your Body
Soylent is a simple, nutritious, and affordable food that possesses all the essential ingredients a body needs to be healthy. Soylent is a convenient powder that is mixed with water and provides a complete meal for those looking for an easy, healthy, and cost-effective option to preparing meals.
A global food network for digital platformsWe are building a global food community for food lovers.  We create video programming in the food and lifestyle category for the web, mobile, connected TV's and YouTube.  Our technology allows anyone to create an amazing high quality, professionally produced video on the places and dishes they love in a matter of minutes all from their phone.
Dynamic, interactive ereading platform for schoolsCurriculet gives teachers exactly what they need: an amazing tool, deeper student engagement, incredibly useful data, and TIME!  Curriculet is a digital reading platform that allows teachers to place questions, quizzes and rich media throughout the texts they teach that pop up while students progress through the reading. The questions and quizzes become embedded assessments connected to Common Core Standards. Rich media annotations allow teachers to embed their own instructional videos, images, or audio clips that serve as extensions to the text.  Every student interaction with the text generates data that is presented to their teachers and school administrators in simple, easy to leverage daily reports that help teachers nimbly adjust daily instruction and drive student achievement.  Finally, a teacher's workflow is radically transformed and optimized. Teachers no longer grade quizzes, manage text inventory, photocopy assignments, or manage piles and piles of paperwork.
Dynamic Merchandising
Attune enables our customers to improve their business performance by automatically optimizing the discovery of items in their product or media catalogs for each visitor.  By reading, evaluating and responding in real-time to information about visitors and catalog items, we improve the discovery of the items each visitor is most likely to want, every time. Attune integrates the widest variety of customer data to achieve superior merchandising performance.  Ongoing AB tests are used to provide the most transparent ROI measurement possible, so customers only pay for real results.
We're building the world’s largest database of artists and the gear they use
Equipboard is building the world’s largest database of artists and the gear they use. All crowd-sourced and built by you.
Your place just got better. Your room, decorated and deliveredHavenly creates beautiful homes, for the rest of us.   Havenly provides interior design services, all online, at an extremely accessible price point. For a flat fee starting from $79, we set you up with your own personal interior designer, matched exclusively to your style, who works with you virtually to decorate your room. You can purchase any of the products your designer suggests for you through us, all in one place, at best price. We deliver your room to your door.  We are a personalization layer over the furniture e-commerce experience.  We take the customer's style and inspiration data to help designers design the space, and we continue to provide customized suggestions for products to spruce up their space.  We're the easiest way to decorate your home.
Crowdfunding backer management system | YC W13
BackerKit is the best way for crowdfunding project creators to manage their backers, help fulfill their campaign on time, and allow them focus on what they love doing—making something awesome!
Upwave is the Brand Intelligence Platform. We make brand marketing more impactfulUpwave plans, measures, and optimizes brand marketing. With our Brand Campaign Measurement and Instant Insights products, we provide a software &amp; data platform to the world’s largest brand marketers.  Our customers are Fortune 500 companies across multiple verticals - including CPG, food &amp; beverage, consumer technology &amp; telecom, and financial services - as well as the world’s largest advertising agencies and media platforms.  We are unapologetically supportive of brand advertising, and work hard every day to prove its value; we know if companies can measure the value of those dollars, they’ll spend more. Brand advertising pays for not only the movies we watch and music we hear, but the journalism we read and the information we access. In short, brand advertising supports the free flow of information through society. So, we’re proud to be the first company dedicated to using data science to show enterprises the true effectiveness of their brand spend.  We are backed by leading venture investors (Y Combinator, Uncork Capital, Bloomberg Beta, Initialized Capital, PivotNorth, Ridge Ventures, Industry Ventures, Conductive Ventures,) and leading MarTech founders &amp; CEOs.  We’re a humble but ambitious team that takes its work seriously but never ourselves. Come join us.
Mapping the legal genome to help you better understand the law
Judicata is mapping the legal genome—i.e. using highly specialized case law parsing and algorithmically assisted human review to turn unstructured court opinions into structured data. We are leveraging that data to build legal research and analytics tools that are an order of magnitude better than existing offerings. Great legal technology will never replace lawyers, but it can help them make sense of massive amounts of information and aid them in exercising their skilled, human judgment.
Everyone Loves an UpgradeUnderground Cellar is a new online wine marketplace for discovering and buying premium wines online.  Buyers love us because half or more of the bottles they buy are algorithmically swapped-out to  rare and private-stash bottles from prestigious wineries.  But our real benefit is that we provide wineries a sustainable sales channel that never uses discounts. This allows them to quickly sell wine without bastardizing their pricing structure or harming their brand image.  Underground Cellar is the first vertical utilizing our patent-pending “reverse-discount” e-commerce platform.   Our plan is to scale within the $6B online wine vertical, capturing $40MM of wine sales by Q3 '19.  First we take over wine, then we expand into other luxury verticals... * gourmet food * sporting & event tickets * fashion * travel
Squadle enables multi-unit operators to simplify complex operations and food safety
Squadle is a technology company committed to delivering flexible, user-friendly applications that enable multi-unit operators, convenience stores, and retailers to simplify complex operations and streamline food safety. By combining its proprietary digital checklists, patented sensor automation, and machine vision technology with its customer-first approach, Squadle delivers intuitive, out-of-the-box ready products. Squadle Checklists™ has stored more than one billion records and completed tasks, while the ZeroTouch™ technology has measured over 40,000,000 bluetooth temperatures. Squadle’s customers operate tens of thousands of locations worldwide and include the largest and most respected brands in their industries. Learn more at squadle.com.
You deserve a great shave at a fair price. Everything you need is right here, when you need itHarry’s Inc. started in 2013 with simple, fairly priced products that delivered an amazing experience to guys every day. Since then, Harry’s expanded to the UK, developed relationships with retailers such as Target and Walmart, expanded our grooming brand into a personal care powerhouse, and launched a women’s brand called Flamingo.  Our brands answer unmet consumer needs, but our company is a place of inclusion and innovation that attracts some of the brightest minds across industries, geographies, and backgrounds. Whether we have a team of 3 or 300, our core values and our startup mentality remain; we value continuous improvement and learning, teamwork and collaboration, creative problem solving, and open and direct dialogue and feedback. Come for the coffee and free products, stay for the amazing, passionate culture.  The key to our success? Our amazing people. Harry’s team is comprised of some of the most brilliant, diverse, and humble people you’ll ever meet.
Cloud tools to streamline your supply chainBriteHub is a SaaS platform that simplifies supply chain management for small to medium sized manufacturing businesses by helping them to reduce inventories, shortages and waste through use of collaboration tools. Our solution provides a B2B interface for building new business relationships while creating an interface that eliminates the back and forth emails and multiple versions of PDF’s that often leads to delays and mistakes during the crucial product development process.   BriteHub’s cutting edge and agile approach to development is not only a cost effective solution but it is adaptable and configurable as manufacturing grows. Our unique and easy-to-use workflow tools track the daily valuable data needed to have clear visibility into the strengths and weaknesses within organizations, internal teams and a network of suppliers. 
Cloud-Native modular content that goes everywhereIntroducing Citia, the first multi-purpose, multi-channel communications and content platform for this new Attention era.  Citia uses a breakthrough Progressive Web App (PWA) system that enables anyone to make, manage and measure the most engaging, richly-featured, multi-purpose content ever.  Modernize everything from websites to PowerPoints, content marketing, internal communications, sales support, and more, all without having to get IT involved.   Finally, Comms and Sales and Marketing and IT and HR and IR and ED and Training and, and... and…  can all work together in a flat, fast system that makes everybody happy.  That is why Fortune 100 companies like GE, Viacom, Comcast, Mastercard and BP use Citia to replace their expensive, single-use media with multi-purpose, engage everywhere content to10x their performance.
Massage Made Simple: The best therapists, straight to you, at an affordable price (YC S14)Unwind Me is the easiest way to book & receive a high-quality, professional massage.  For customers, we’re improving the accessibility of massage: simplified booking and payment (via online/mobile), appointments when and where you want (in-home), a lower price than current options, and a consistent + delightful brand/experience.  Massage therapists on Unwind Me are able to earn 2-3x more than industry average, have the flexibility to set their own schedules, and no longer have to worry about marketing/overhead costs.  Ultimately, we're building the *brand* for accessible massage and wellness, creating a simple, delightful, and affordable experience for customers - in an industry that desperately needs it.   We're currently live in SF: unwind.me/sf
Discover and access your airport oasis
There are few guarantees in air travel. Delays, cancellation, and misconnects are never within our control, but having a place to make the most of your time in the airport is. LoungeBuddy was created as your answer to finding a place to relax, be productive, or just get away from it all. LoungeBuddy is the only single resource for travelers to discover, book, and access airport lounges worldwide. The LoungeBuddy platform enables over 400 lounges in 70 countries to merchandise and generate revenue from their excess capacity by providing access to travelers seeking an elevated airport experience. Our team is made up of a diverse set of colorful personalities from across the world. Next to our insatiable passion for travel, there’s our unwavering ambition and the seemingly-unattainably high standard that we set for ourselves. To give you a glimpse into LoungeBuddy's culture, check out our annual company retreat: loungebuddy.com/blog/teamcation-2018-loungebuddys-4th-annual-retreat
Intelligent control for a dynamic world Kelvin uses intelligent control and machine learning to power predictive analytics and improve operations of natural resource companies. Our products remotely monitor, track and control performance in real-time to maximize safety, efficiency and sustainability. We are focused on understanding complex, connected systems through a combination of sensors, human perception and sophisticated analytics.   • Machine learning for performance automation and control  • Complex and tailored problem solving with sensor fusion hardware and intuitive software solutions. • Intuitive web and mobile software that includes real-time visibility into operations, real-time performance metrics, data visualization, work force collaboration and predictive analytics. • Collective intelligence: sensor data and human observations • Reduced failures, reduced waste • Asset to asset relationships  • Built for remote, rugged environments
Celebrity/Brand-Driven Fundraising for Charity A Y Combinator-backed fundraising platform enabling celebrities to use their fan bases to raise money and awareness for their chosen causes. Celebrities and influencers offer money-can't-buy prize experiences, which are raffled off to their fans and the general public for just a few dollars per chance. Prizeo provides influencers of any genre with the viral features they need to truly leverage their fan bases and social followings for good. 
Web Application Security on Your TermsThe web application is the single point of weakness for enterprises. It’s time to stop relying on the outdated signature-based security technologies that have let zero-day attacks proliferate.  Prevoty, a leading provider of web application security-as-a-service, is pioneering a new approach to securing your web applications. Its proprietary technology allows enterprise to embed security within the application, providing a highly personalized, configurable security solution for companies of all sizes and industries.  Since its launch, some of the top technology, media, retail and finance companies use Prevoty for its powerful security, ease of use and flexibility, protecting their web applications against the top OWASP threats. Prevoty is based in Los Angeles, CA, where it protects over half a billion unique users every sub-millisecond.  
Your intelligent writing companion that drives content performanceAtomic Reach is the developer of Atomic Ally, a digital editing companion for news and blog writers. The App delivers real-time insights during the writing process to help you structure your content specifically for your digital audience. Atomic Ally integrates with your CMS and has a built-in-editor for writers who are not using a CMS.  
We make good easy
Public Good works to change moments of inspiration into inspiring action. Online news, social media feeds, and mobile connectivity exponentially increase awareness of problems but leave people feeling frustrated and unable to make a difference. Public Good solves that problem by building bridges from content to actions that support the 1.1mm nonprofits working on solutions. Our technology is now being adopted by top media companies nationwide
Make math accessible to all kidsEnuma (formerly, LocoMotive Labs) designs exceptional assistive and play-based learning applications to empower kids with special needs to be independent learners.   - Todo Math (2014) Comprehensive, play-based math curriculum for K-2nd grade. Downloaded more than 1.7 MM from 2014-2015. Best Design Award at Launch Education & Kids conference (2013), #1 in Education app store in the US & 18 countries, Installed in Apple retail store's devices worldwide.    - Todo Number Matrix (2014)  Sibling app of Todo Math. #1 in Chinese Kids app store.   - Todo Telling Time (Oct, 2013)  Sibling app of Todo Math. Children's Technology Review's Editor's Choice.   - Kid in Story Book Maker (Feb, 2013)  Kid in Story Book Maker makes it easy and fun to create visual stories to support learning,social modeling, and early literacy with your child as the star character. Picked one of 'Best Autism Apps' by Parenting.com.
Unique Tech Accessories and Consumer Products, Standardizing Mass Customization (YC S13)
Our product is a video game controller for the iPhone. It adds physical controls for the hardcore gamer to maintain their console gaming experience. It is connected by bluetooth and will work with the iPhone, iPod and iPad.
Text
Aeronautics active control surface
VIRES Aeronautics is uniquely positioned to transform the aeronautics industry with its revolutionary wing design. They retrofit the wings of legacy aircrafts, enabling faster takeoff and landing, increased payload capacity, improved maneuverability, extended range, and reduced fuel consumption. Their technology also has the capacity to disrupt a myriad of other markets including, but not limited to, automobiles, submarines, ships, turbines, and trains.
The In-Space Propulsion CompanyAccion Systems manufactures propulsion systems for satellites based on proprietary technology developed at MIT.   Our systems address an industry-wide issue: there are no suitable in-space propulsion options for small satellites, and systems designed for large satellites are cost-prohibitive. We offer a solution for the entire $2B in-space propulsion market that is inexpensive, small but easily scalable, and safe for rideshare launches.
We build drones and drone components to make people safer, more informed, and more productive
Vantage makes UAVs and UAV components for customers including the US Army, Ford, CNN, FLIR, the US Air Force, and Stanford University. Our first product, Snap, achieved a landmark FAA waiver for commercial flight over people. Our second product, Vesper, was one of five products selected by the Pentagon for use by the federal government. We’re currently making the next generation micro drone for the US Army’s $100M Soldier Borne Sensor Program and a family of modular micro-gimbals as part of the Pentagon’s Blue UAS program. The company won Richard Branson's Extreme Tech Challenge and has been recognized by TechCrunch, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Wired, Quartz, and USA Today, amongst many others. Vantage has been awarded over $10M in R&D contracts over the last two years and raised $11M in venture funding. The company has strong backing from VCs who previously backed Twitter and Zoom, the founder of Insitu, and the Pentagon’s Defense Innovation Unit. We are a team of Stanford engineers, DARPA Grand Challenge winners, IDEO and Volkswagen alums, NASA roboticists, 3D printer designers, and pioneering software developers. We're also ardent kite surfers, mountain bikers, professional rock climbers, competitive dancers, surfers, and award winning pilots. We work to achieve ambitious goals, but also to achieve meaningful lives.
Mobile productivity platform for front line distributed workforcesWe are the mobile-first productivity platform for the world's most mobile workforce. Hyper-focused on the non-tactical daily work on which most of our troops spend most of their time. Combines joy of use, military-grade security, and an analytics layer to help our troops and their commanders make better decisions, faster.   We have assembled an ultra-high performing team and are exceedingly well positioned to become the dominant provider of these solutions, already seeing substantial traction and early revenue.
Predictive Analytics for on-site energy plant operations
Root3 Technologies Inc. provides a hosted software as a service solution that reduces energy costs 10-30% in onsite energy plants for universities, hospitals, airports, and military bases. Root3’s no-install, patent-pending technology uses powerful Predictive Analytics and Big Data to help energy plant managers make hour-by-hour operating decisions.
Throwable cameras/sensors for first responders and industrial applications
Every day we ask police, fire, industrial safety, and other first responders to enter hazardous, unseen spaces in the performance of their duty. We provide tools to help keep them safer as they work for our well-being. Our 360/omnidirectional cameras can be thrown into a dangerous environment and instantly deliver omnidirectional real-time video to a first-responder's smartphone, tablet, or even VR headset. In addition to our ongoing work with first-responders, we are exploring applications of our image processing technology to the consumer VR/360 video space. Bounce Imaging was awarded $1M at the Verizon Powerful Answers Award, and has been named Invention of the Year by TIME, CNN, and Popular Science, among others.
3D Motion-Sensing Technology for Early Detection and Prevention of Traumatic Brain Injury
Patented 3D Motion Sensing Technology. Axelo's vision is to enable the widest spectrum of applications with motion sensing and movement detection capability, and to be a leading company in developing and improving these technologies for worldwide market acceptance. The patent is prior to all major corporations currently playing in this domain. Home Entertainment,Healthcare, Aerospace, as well as products/devices designed specifically for Military Applications.
Protecting service members and civilians with artificially intelligent systems
We empower robots to go where people and robots cannot go today - to gather critical intelligence that makes battlefields safer for service members and innocent civilians. We do cool stuff in the areas of deep learning, online learning, life-long learning, perception, state estimation, planning, controls, and hardware design.
Tiny batteries that last a lifetime
Widetronix’s mission is to enable autonomous sensors for the wireless world. The company is commercializing ultra low power sensors with betavoltaic micro-power sources, which have an energy density up to 5 µW/cm2. This technology is based on licensed patents from Cornell University, as well as Widetronix patents and patents pending. Known applications include critical system protection for defense ($200M), secure IT and networking ($840M), industrial sensors ($500M), and medical implants ($1B), where drivers are long-life, stability in harsh environments, and small size, respectively. Widetronix operates its own electronics packaging facility, as well as in the Cornell Nanofabrication Facility, both in Ithaca, New York. The company is venture, grant, and customer funded and is seeking to fill out $500K of a $1M bridge financing to lead to a $5M Series A in 2014. This will enable the company to transition into production and sales in 2014.
Securing the Internet of ThingAuthentication and data protection to the growing number of physically small sensors (wired and wireless) and low-power devices being introduced daily around the world.  Target platforms include everything from smartphones (see video of smartphone demo), tablets, and sensors to medical devices, buildings and automobiles.   Devices and machines are being connected to the Internet at a staggering rate and will approach 50 billion “connected devices” by 2020. Security and privacy are now critical factors in the successful introduction and use of new technology and SecureRF’s solutions enable customers and partners to uniquely meet this challenge.  Its patented protocols deliver the highest value in protection at the lowest cost possible and the option of a transactional revenue model further enhances value by allowing customer to only pay for what they use. 
Building the future of multiplayerAt Improbable, we believe that simulations as large and complex as the real world are the next fundamental breakthrough technology. Like in the real world, objects in these simulations will change in response to their environment, and their interactions will combine to form massive, complex systems.  We are building the platform to make these simulations possible.  New worlds for gaming and entertainment can now be created using our product, SpatialOS. Our technology creates permanent, persistent and engaging experiences: worlds where your actions really matter. The same technology that makes imaginary worlds feel real can also illuminate complex systems at work in reality. We use insight acquired through simulation to solve real world problems.  You can find out more about our technology on our website - improbable.io
Providing Cost Effective Entertainment Services for budget-constrained US Armed Forces
TTF Entertainment is focused exclusively on bringing the most popular talent in music and comedy to our troops, their families, and the surrounding communities. TTFE brings deep military, entertainment, and sponsorship industry experience to bear in enhancing and multiplying increasingly pressured Military budgets. TTFE is a service-disabled, veteran owned business.
Augmented Cognition company focused on National Security & DefenseEvery day, two million passengers and their baggage are screened at US airports. Millions more are screened at international airports, office buildings, infrastructure centers, and more. Beyond people, billions of pieces of cargo, mail, and freight are scanned. What most of these have in common is little automation and very manual process.  Synapse provides algorithmic analysis of security x-ray images to determine if they contain a threat, such as a firearm of explosive. We deploy our deep learning-based algorithms on premises at global airports, and provide a user interface for screeners to communicate with the algorithms. We already have global pilots underway.   We’re backed by top-tier Bay Area investors that believe in our vision for a safer world.
Fast Image & Video Search by ContentNerVve has developed the next generation in video search technology. The Intelligent video analytics market will grow in excess of 30% per year with an estimated size of $1.2 billion in 2018. NerVve is at the forefront of this growing market.  NerVve allows you to search through videos and images as much as 1000x faster than current method using a search by example methodology. The NerVve Visual Search Solution (NVSS) is highly scalable and can be run on multiple servers. It has been heavily tested in some of the most demanding customer environments in the intelligence community and broadcast.  The product was also used recently to analyze video associated with the recent bombing in Boston, allowing law enforcement to quickly identify video segments that included specific objects of intelligence importance.
Cost-effective nuclear bomb detectors for smart cities
Silverside Detectors helps governments reduce the threat of nuclear terrorism. The flat-panel radiation detector can be installed at nuclear storage sites, in transit infrastructure, at ports and borders, and around city environments. This creates a networked web of detectors, which can share background readings to more accurately pinpoint movement of illicit nuclear material. The technology is one tenth the cost of current solutions on the market.
Wearable technology for a superhuman workforce
Rufus builds technology to improve efficiency and safety in the workplace.
Connecting our Military
Sandboxx provides a platform that integrates the mobile social technology of today with the social and hierarchical structure of the military community. It is a secure and comprehensive communications platform specifically designed to allow service members to connect directly with each other within the hierarchical structure of their command, as well as connect with their families and friends. By aligning family readiness, unit hierarchy, and the user’s social graph, Sandboxx acts as a social platform that targets, engages and caters to the active, reserve, and veteran community.
Mobile and Web Applications for Law Enforcement
Developed by law enforcement officers, iCrimeFighter is a mobile evidence management solution bringing true mobility to officers’ everyday work life. iCrimeFighter’s mission is to make evidence collection and investigative collaboration easier and more efficient.
Collaborative Machine Intelligence
With every line you write, Diﬀeo learns more about what you're working on and how you see your world. Behind the scenes, it uses that information to scour the deep Web and your private data sources to build a dynamic graph of the people, places, things, and events that matter to your research. As you work, Diﬀeo recommends sources that you may never have known existed, and makes connections even when they are deeply buried or hidden on purpose. With Diﬀeo, your workﬂow is unbroken, and the insight into your world gets clearer and clearer.
The most efficient gas storage systems in the universe for mission critical applications
Infinite Composites Technologies™ (ICT), designs, develops and manufactures the most efficient gas storage systems in the universe. ICT was founded in 2010 to revolutionize composite pressure vessel technology, with the ultimate goal of enabling widespread adoption of composite pressure vessels. This led to the creation of the infinite Composite Pressure Vessel, which provides up to 40% lower mass while reducing cost by up to 50% compared to state of the art space pressure vessels and reducing lead time by up to 80%. ICT is the only AS9100D certified manufacturer of linerless composite pressure vessels.
The Pioneer in Augmented Reality Glasses for the Aviation IndustryAero Glass provides a unique turnkey solution for the aviation industry by addressing pilots' need to properly visualize terrain, navigation, traffic (ADS-B), instrument, weather, and airspace information with access to vital safety procedures and protocols, without the requirement of inspecting instruments, phone or iPad. Using  Epson Moverio, Google Glass and other Head-Mounted Displays, Aero Glass is the first to bring Augmented Reality to pilots providing an unparalleled 3D, 360° experience in the cockpit, regardless of the visibility conditions. These capabilities will make the skies safer for all aviators.  Markets include 1M General Aviation pilots, Police & First Responder, Commercial Aviation, Gaming, Training, and Defense.  Aero Glass is working with partners to craft targeted solutions for each market.  As the first to market with Augmented Reality for General Aviation pilots, the Company has generated significant traction since launch of it's beta product on July 22nd.
Organic AI
Ohuku provides a 100% visual data simulation platform that simplifies complicated data by leveraging the user's intuition with artificial intelligence (AI) and patented mental models in a dynamic user interface. We’re simplifying how people interact with complicated data, in a way that’s easy and intuitive to use, even for beginners.
Advanced Engineering SolutionsTALOS X​ ​is specialized in advanced​ ​engineering​ ​consulting​ ​for industrial and commercial operations.​ ​We​ ​provide​ ​domain​ ​expertise in​ Robotics, ​Unmanned Vehicles, Hardware Design, Software Design, and Engineering Strategy.
  
 We​ are​ ​recognized for​ ​our​ ​highly​ ​skilled and experienced engineer​​ing and robotics team.​ ​Our engineers have project experience for NASA, DARPA, Oceaneering, The US Navy, The US Army, and the US Patent Office.
  
 Our company offers​ ​deep technical knowledge, outstanding work​ ​quality,​ ​accurate​ ​delivery, and a dedication to​ ​the highest​ ​standards of​ ​engineering design and innovation. Through​ ​a deep​ ​understanding​ ​of​ ​client needs​ ​and careful project execution,​ ​TALOS X​ ​transforms​ ​technology-based​ ​visions​ ​into​ ​a​ ​working​ ​reality.
Multi-Spectral Remote Sensing Systems for Earth and Space
My team is building a multispectral remote sensing platform for biosensing applications in mobile health and aerospace markets. We are submitting the prototype of this sensor for competition in the Qualcomm Tricorder X-Prize Challenge, and are currently building partnerships for commercialization.
Drone systems for government agencies and commercial maritime industry
Planck Aerosystems builds fully autonomous drone systems for formidable maritime operations. We’re looking for enthusiastic and talented engineers to solve real, exciting technical challenges.
Open-source big-data intelligenceWe've built an open-source platform for professionals who make a difference in society — in law enforcement, military and intelligence, public sector investigation, regulation, and public relations.  Seajas helps them be more effective in their work. By combining their information sources and giving them context to their information. Keeping a forensically sound record and keeping to case privacy by keeping their data and queries in-house. By providing real-time updates and search across huge volumes of information. And strong visualizations through data analysis: machine translation, speech-to-text, geo-search, graph networks, and complex language processing to extract sentiment, categories, and entities.  We work with intelligence and law enforcement to monitor cases online, and mapping out images for event and crisis monitoring. With regulatory agencies to index legal texts from disparate sources. And marketing firms to provide business and product sentiment for their clients.
An "Electronic Nose"  for chemical sensingVaporsens, is developing a detector to help law enforcement, military, and public safety officials "sniff" out explosives and narcotics. The detector uses our breakthrough sensor technology that is more sensitive than any other on the market.  Our sensor has seven pending patents and can be utilized in detectors for handheld, ambient, and checkpoint use.  The development is supported by the Defense Department, Utah's prestigious TCIP program, the National Science Foundation's SBIR program, and private investors.
Scientific Software and AnalyticsData analytics, sensor solutions and scientific software.  Industries include aerospace & aviation, manufacturing and defense.  Specialty in lasers and cameras (visible and infrared)  Solutions are based on the technology foundation for missile defense systems and on software for scientific analytics and modeling.
Early Warning System for Disinformation & Fake News using Deep Learning
Blackbird.AI uses machine learning and interdisciplinary human intelligence to combat disinformation. Our proprietary AI-Driven SaaS platform is aimed at providing a more automated understanding of disinformation campaigns and harmful digital media. Our platform surfaces synthetic amplification from bots and trolls, delegitimization campaigns and meme-driven propaganda. Blackbird.AI provides real-time actionable insights for disinformation countermeasures to governments, Fortune 500/Global 1000 brands, and citizens. We help preserve brand integrity, trust, and regulatory compliance through cloud-based visual dashboards and systems-level integration.
Ultra compact and efficient rotary engineThe LiquidPiston 'X' engine is an advanced rotary internal combustion engine that is fuel efficient, extremely compact and lightweight, durable, quiet, and has near-zero vibration.   The X-Mini engine is a 70cc gasoline SI engine, the size of a grapefruit, rated at 3-5 HP, weighing only 4 lbs.  This engine is the company's most mature technology demonstrator - achieving 50% better fuel economy than comparable displacement piston engines. This engine can be used in generators, chainsaws, mopeds, UAVs, etc.   In 2015 the company completed a $1M DARPA Feasibility study, and the company expects up to $12.5M in DoD contracts to develop diesel versions of its X engine for generator and UAV applications in 2016.   The "X4" concept is a 30kW Diesel engine achieving 50% better fuel economy than a piston engine, in a 10x8x8" package, weighing 25lbs.  While developed initially for the DoD, this engine will have applications including as a range-extending power source to increase range of an EV.
The world's leading global aerospace & defense startup acceleratorStarburst is an innovation catalyst in the aerospace industry. It is the first and only global aerospace accelerator, connecting startups with corporates, investors and government, providing growth and investment opportunities for all. With offices in Los Angeles, Paris, Munich, Seoul, Tel Aviv, and Singapore, the team has built an ecosystem of key players with 6000+ startups in its network.  Our program helps startups scale their business in aerospace and defense with access to the largest group of corporate stakeholders to help startups win their first $1M+ contract.  We’re interested in tech transfer from research labs or a very innovative concept – teams made up of entrepreneurs and scientists – with an existing prototype to market.
Weapons maintenance without weapons disassembly BLAZnTECH is proud to introduce the world's first and only Motorized Weapons Cleaning System, a pocket-sized tool that manages to quickly and effectively (without any disassembly) clean most commonly used rifles and handguns! Made from glass-reinforced nylon, assembled in the United States, and covered by a lifetime warranty, the (MWCS) is guaranteed to provide a luxurious cleaning experience. Founded by a combat veteran who personally discovered the need for such a device during his time overseas, BLAZnTECH is a veteran-owned and operated company that takes great pride in delivering its necessity-based invention to an industry that is already calling the product "a vacuum in a market full of brooms”. 
Printing satellite propulsion like computer chips
Our team of MIT rocket scientists is printing spacecraft propulsion like computer chips. Thanks to Moore's law and the exploding commercial imagery and communications markets, the number of satellites that will be launched over the next few years will surpass the total number launched throughout the history of spaceflight, and we want to sell them propulsion systems. Because our systems are comprised of quarter-sized modular thruster chips, our products can be anything you need them to be--use 8 chips to de-orbit a tiny CubeSat, or arrange hundreds side-by-side to maintain your geostationary satellite's precise attitude. This modularity, and our peculiar liquid propellants that don't require heavy tanks and valves, position us to shake up the stagnant electric propulsion industry for any customer, with any size of satellite, for the first time in nearly 60 years.
Jobs
View all jobs
Secured collaboration platform for security personnelGlobeKeeper builds real-time collaboration platform for security personnel that includes  (1) an encrypted communication network,  (2) intuitive collaboration interface, and  (3) compatibility with existing systems and equipment  in order to save lives, money and enhance decision making capabilities. 
UHDTV video enabler
Comprimato has standard based video codec for UHDTV video able to run on comodity PC. Enables UHDTV/4K workflows on current hardware. B2B oriented.
Making it easy for anyone to create immersive, hands-on learning experiences in VR & AR
Field trips, demonstrations, and direct experiences foster significantly higher engagement and retention than worksheets, lectures, and movies, but they can be hard to integrate into your units. Holos makes it as easy as possible to create your own immersive 3D learning experiences for students to view right in your classroom, bringing the power of immersive hands-on learning with the simplicity of a drag-and-drop interface. In VR, you lay out your content. It’s an experience similar to putting a PowerPoint presentation together, except you’re viewing and editing your content in full 3D space. The Holos VR workspace for teachers is equipped with a set of friendly tools that enable them to mix content together to create dioramas and immersive 3D lessons for their students with drag-and-drop simplicity. In AR, students can access the shoebox dioramas that you have put together and place them into the real world, onto a table or their desk with an iPad.
AI for competitive reasoning
All traditional AI methods digest historical data to create an expert system that models past events. These approaches can be precise and consistent, but they typically have no way to account for their decision process, and they fail when confronted with a sentient opponent. Facing such real world demands is not an exercise in traditional machine learning. Accordingly, we have developed an entirely new theory of algorithms, from the ground up, specifically for defeating sentient adversaries.
Thermal Imaging Surpasses all Technologies  The product is the newest form of advancement in Law Enforcement and Military technology.  US Military and law enforcement constantly look for an edge, an advantage, particularly when it can save lives. Up to two years ago, NVGs (Night Vision Glasses) were clearly held in this regard … even with all their major ‘flaws’ and drawbacks.  Our "Advantagetm" compact, mobile, light-weight thermal imaging system eliminated all the NVG’s limitations by dramatically replacing it with a "battle field multiplier" that is also used in day time, and ‘sees’ in fog, clouds, smoke, tear gas or light snow operations. It also detects hand and foot prints. Reveals people or objects hidden by terrain, behind foliage and camouflage and can expose weapons and contraband under garments.  
Multifocal imaging that can see, track and know more in real time than ever beforeSaikou Optics is unique in our ability to capture and stream multiple focal lengths nearly simultaneously and to zoom at ultra-high speeds without compromising optical quality, and to dynamically respond to the requirements of a computer vision controller.   The greatest value propositions for adoption of Saikou Optics technology are wherever the ability to see and understand everything in an environment is mission critical and depends on computer vision to derive insights and recommend or take actions. These use cases include applications as diverse as mobile sensing systems for autonomous vehicles, stationary wide area surveillance systems, and scientific microscopes used for scanning multiple layers within human cells.  Applications of Saikou's technology in early stages of development with strategic partners include: a passive (camera) system for autonomous vehicles; a multi-channel wide-area object tracking system for defense system testing; and, a microscopy imaging system.
Putting Antimatter to WorkPositron Dynamics is developing the world's first Antimatter based propulsion system.  Anti-electrons (positrons) offer the highest energy density of any known material, and will provide the catalyst for high velocity rocket exhaust.  This new propulsion technique will have broad applications in aerospace and defense.
Harnessing Data to Save LivesARC's product includes a sensor suite combined with a software and analytics platform offering real-time feedback on firearms usage.   Curious? Reach out to learn more!  
Physics-based human biomechanical simulation
Biomechsys is developing software and services for physics-based human biomechanical simulation - we're creating products that enable the synthesis of realistic digital human body models and human motion for interactive entertainment, defense, medicine and sports. Our initial product will be middleware and additional software tools for integrating physics-based biomechanical simulation with game engines.
Solving complex security problems with 3D video-game technologiesFortem offers an intuitive 3D platform to unify security systems: video cameras and recorders, access control, GPS, radar, gunshot detection, analytics, etc.  Our patent-pending technology, inspired from video-games, eliminates bottlenecks and helps better prevent, detect, investigate and respond to crimes and disasters. Tracking suspects, understanding and controlling emergencies becomes easy and fast.  Customers include the Newark PD, Montreal Transit and Defense departments worldwide.
Secure Computing Technologies
HyperLock - A suite of embedded software security technologies for safety & security-critical systems, including: aerospace, defense, automotive, internet services, financial networks, autonomous systems, and mobile/embedded devices. Visit starlab.io for more details.
solar-electric powered UAVOur solar-electric powered unmanned aerial vehicle stays aloft for 3+ weeks over 30,000 feet.  The plane is built with light weight materials. Combining the power systems and the materials makes this plane less expensive to acquire and operate than mainstream UAV's currently on the market.  This aircraft can be equipped with intelligence, surveillance, communications, and sensor equipment, depending on the mission.  This plane helps our customers monitor activity on earth or establish an aerial telecommunications network over areas of earth that are lacking cell coverage.  In addition to military, first responder and homeland defense applications, the aircraft can be used to protect high profile individuals or those having a need for additional protection; movement of valuable cargo; telecommunications companies or certain internet firms.
Simulation and gaming in the digital globe
Current Product: HoloShot is a weapon simulator system that converts a firearm into an interactive game controller, interoperable with an augmented reality Head Mounted Display. Previous Product: Geoception leverages COTS digital globe technology to create a lightweight simulation and video gaming engine with accurate, global map coverage.
Robotic Vision for Autonomous Drones and Self Driving CarsSooner than you think, you will have a robot actively involved in your daily life. It may be a personal robot, but more likely it will be your car, or a security drone or delivery vehicle. These devices will not be operator controlled, they will be autonomous, and need vision.  They need a small, light weight, low power unit with no moving parts. We have such a unit. We have the the next generation of robotic vision systems. Our techniques are proprietary. We will have the patents to protect our IP.  We have pushed ultrasonic technology to the point where it looks like radar. We provide full XYZ coordinates for multiple objects. We also determine density characteristics about each object’s surface. For autonomous vehicles, this means telling the difference between a 2 meter bush that a tractor can plow through versus a 2 meter boulder that should be avoided. We can see a wounded soldier laying on the ground versus a log.  The 2014 ultrasonic sensor WW market is $20b excluding defense.
Durable visual RFID tags for tracking high value items outdoors and in harsh environments
TrazeTag produces visual durable RFID tags to track high value assets, tools, equipments and materials outdoors and in harsh / abusive environments. Its products and methods are patented.
World's First Quiet Supersonic Business Jet
Introducing the world’s first Quiet Supersonic Jet, the Spike S-512. The ultra-luxurious, next generation aircraft uses state-of-the-art technology and materials to fly at Mach 1.6 (1100mph) - 500mph faster than any other civilian aircraft. Patent-pending Quiet Supersonic Flight technology results in low-boom supersonic flights required for overland operation. Flying on the Spike S-512, passengers will save 40% or more in flight times, which means LAX to NYC in 3 hours, NYC to London in 3 hours or even NYC to Dubai in only 6 hours. Exhausting 12-hour flights every few months are now just a comfortable 6 hours and could be monthly.
Veteran Training and Employment - IT
Career Services – Key to your Fast Start in IT ​Training is great! Most schools don't offer Career Services until very near if not after graduation. We are different. Your Career Services Directors begin working with you even before classes start so they can help prepare you for employment right out of the gate. As a result, most of our students are employed in new IT jobs or career positions BEFORE they graduate! And it doesn't end there. Our graduates receive career advancement support for a lifetime at no additional cost, ever. - See more at: lnkd.in/eKm2iFt
Firearms training technologies to boost tactical performance
Method Dynamics is developing a proprietary training device that attaches to existing guns to collect shooting data making training more effective for tactical shooters.
Make Recycling FunPatent Pending  Recycling system that encourages the habit of recycling through reporting real-time relatable metrics is disclosed. The solution reports data real-time in a relatable metric that engages the consumer and communicates it through a visual display on the unit and through internal and external platforms.  The user inserts a recyclable item into the bins and sees the systems metrics change in real time. The user can further extend the gaming experience by visiting the displayed website or scanning the QR code.   Additionally: It can be used for storage of items. It can report data as items are removed. Many applications outside of recycling such as retail, warehouse, inventory, etc.  Also, it can create: Data for CPGs, inventory control for retail or in manufacturing, etc.
Prioritize, automate & collaborate with a platform built for THREAT-CENTRIC SECURITY OPERATIONSThreatQuotient is a cyber-security firm dedicated to building enterprise solutions to defend against advanced cyber threats. Our solutions enable businesses to leverage and optimize cyber threat intelligence to mitigate risk from attackers.   ThreatQ, is a proven threat intelligence platform comprised of three components: -IOC Management Platform -Spearphish/Event Analysis -Actor Profiles  ThreatQ’s design responds to current gaps in the computer network defense analytical toolset and actualizes ACTIONABLE intelligence through end-to-end automation. The product is operationally live within different environments, streamlining time-consuming network defense processes and transforming corporate security operations. ThreatQuotient solutions are initially suited for customers in the defense, IT, financial services, and government sectors.
Top Recruiting Platform for former U.S. Military service members The LinkedIn for Veterans is here! Military Job Networks is an online recruiting and networking system just for verified current and former U.S. Military service members. It provides low cost job matching tools and uses patent pending Military translation tools to recommend the most relevant candidates for our employers.  Clients can grow into other hiring products and services we offer at affordable prices with incredible customer support.  Hire discipline and leadership, hire our Veterans.
Build customer loyalty with instant rewards
We are looking to build a unique instant rewards application help retailers capture customers and build in a social engagement platform to help the retailer build targeted offers for specific segments of his customer base
Citadel builds an automated and modular drone defense solution that uses proprietary machine learning algorithms to detect and engage unwanted drones.  Our team is made up of experts from the commercial and military drone industries with decades of experience in delivering exceptional solutions.  We are Venture Capital backed and our current customers include the United States Department of Defense, Defense Innovation Unit-Experimental (DIUX) and the Special Operations Communities.
Unmanned Aerial System
TASSC’ TYR 3000 is the first of its kind in the mid size COAX VTOL UAV (Coaxial Rotor, Vertical Take Off-Landing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle/System) will strengthen ties between the civilian and military sectors as well as the industrial and technical communities. It will act as the incubator for new unmanned system programs, with particular emphasis on potential unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) markets. The TYR 3000 will revolutionize the UAV market with its extreme low cost system price.
Virtual Reality based platform for train CBRN staff
Talim is immersive, interactive and object-oriented Virtual Reality based platform for train CBRN staff. Demonstrations and simulations are available in Hot Zone, Warm Zone and Cold Zone with Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and threat agents. It offers task-based scenarios for increasing the mental abilities and preparing CBRN staff to actual HazmMat situations. Features of the platform are; Task-Based Scenarios H-W-C Zones Different Environments ( Metro, Airport, Stadium, Traffic Accident) Agent Variable ( Chemical Agents, Biological Agents, Radiological Agents, Nuclear Agents) Multiplayer, Role-Playing Report and Analysis of Performance
AIrcraft electric propulsion. VTOL, UAVs, replacement for jet engines
Inkleon is working to develop the first commercial electric jet propulsion system for aircraft. This system will utilize electrohydrodynamic (EHD) propulsion to provide propulsion more efficient than a jet turbine as well extremely efficient vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) abilities. EHD propulsion has been proven at small scales. Inkleon will implement it at a much larger scale. Inkleon has developed a three-phase plan to reach commercial viability. Currently, we are looking for seed funding for the first phase of this plan - building the first high-powered EHD thruster, one that can lift its own weight. This phase will complete approximately 3 months after funding is secured. From there, Inkleon will continually scale up and innovate as we work towards fitting the first commercial aircraft with an EHD system, securing industry and DOD contracts, and breaking into the multi-billion dollar aircraft propulsion industry.
Building the National Security MarketplaceThe National Security Technology Accelerator (NSTXL) provides a single access point for innovative companies to access the extensive Department of Defense (DoD) network and its vast resources.   Companies, universities, and laboratories can utilize NSTXL services to more efficiently and effectively access the proven commercialization track of the US military for their technologies.   On the flip side, NSTXL enables DoD to cast a much larger net in order to find specific, innovative solutions to the hundreds of technological needs for installations and operations worldwide.   Through an innovative online platform combined with a series of technology expos, challenges, competitions and awards, NSTXL prospects and vets emerging technologies and matches them with aggregated technological requirements of the US military.  Once a match is made, NSTXL utilizes special contracting authority to complete the prototyping contract in a matter of only a few weeks.
First patented super boat that is 90% emissions free in a $29bn marine industryWalt Schulz has been working for over a decade to develop the practical use of aerodynamic and hydrodynamic lift on a boat coupled with high-efficiency air propulsion to address critical environmental pollution issues and offshore sea conditions.  The goal was to utilize 35% more efficient air propulsion technology for primary propulsion rather than water propellers to minimize the energy-stealing drag of a boat immersed in the molecular dense water while also mitigating sea state/wave-condition motion issues.  The sea-skimming Amphfoil is the first totally new marine design in history to address high fuel burn and excessive greenhouse gas emissions from fossil-fuel powered boats, sensitive shoreline ecosystems damage caused by wakes from overly-large marine engines, the disregard for marine mammal protection from vessel strikes, uncomfortable offshore sea-state conditions, and important market application issues. It took 4 years to obtain international patent coverage on the Amphfoil.
Oxygen bandage for healing wounds
An oxygen delivery bandage for accelerating the healing of wounds. Can be used on blisters or cuts as well as more sever wounds like diabetic ulcers. It will be available in an affordable over-the-counter package. No need for a prescription from a doctor.
Handheld biometric identification deviceSyMPL Technology, Inc. has a working prototype of a handheld biometric collection device for in-field identification of unknown persons for military, customs, border patrol, homeland security and public safety personnel.  The PocketPAD allows the user to capture biometric fingerprint, facial and iris scans and compare them to an internal database as well as the federal ABIS, IDENT and IAFIS databases over wireless communications.  
High Altitude Lighter Than Air PlatformSkycom's High Altitude Lighter Than Air Platforms (HALTAPs) will create low-cost cell towers in the sky, slashing mobile service providers’ cost of doing business and allowing rapid expansion into new markets.   HALTAPs are geostationary airships that float above 60,000 ft altitude to create a high-speed wireless network in the sky. The patent-pending technology at the core of our HALTAP design revolutionizes the lighter than air industry, and will allow us to achieve what other technologies can't: the first affordable, long endurance telecom platforms in the stratosphere.  The primary barrier to long-duration flight of lighter-than-air aircraft in the stratosphere has been lifting gas loss. Most solutions either work with these short flight times (e.g. Project Loon), or combat leakage with heavy, expensive, and impractically huge envelopes (e.g. Lockheed Martin's HALE-D). Skycom's elegant solution will facilitate unprecedented flight times, while keeping costs extremely low.
An Eye Exam For Your Brain From MITNewly discovered science at MIT reveals that our brains create blind spots and sweet spots in our field of vision. An eye exam measures how well you see something. Testing your brain measures how much and how fast you can see things at once. SplitSage has exclusive rights to MIT’s patented process and allows people to compensate to see more and miss less in split second situations. SplitSage's software measures an individual's field of vision and unique cognitive capacity. Essentially an eye exam for the brain, we create a heat map that shows where someone will always see something as well as where they will tend to miss something.   SplitSage also establishes a baseline for each individual and can identify when their brains are not functioning as normal. Things like sleep deprivation, stress, alcohol or disease can impact a person's decision making. Essentially a breathalyzer for your brain, we also assess people's cognitive function.    
Delivering holistic cyber capability and trainingDon’t wait to become a media headline.  Rapid changes in today’s cyber threat landscape can lead to security breaches that may impact your company’s bottom line and public image. With cyber criminals banding together, combining their skillsets, your company needs an awareness and cross-functional plan in place to protect your network, clients, employees and digital assets from attack. Is your security plan up to date, with an emphasis on cyber? Are key members of your organization educated on identifying and dealing with potential threats before they cause problems? Are your Executives protected from a reputational or physical perspective?  SEcureCog™ isn’t just another formulaic checklist approach.  SEcureCog cyber security training, smart-data sense-making, and vulnerability assessment offerings incorporate a dual focused approach that gives equal importance to both technical threats and reputation-based threats.
Detecting, characterising, mapping radiological contaminationImiTec’s core product is its patented Remote Isotopic Analysis System (RIAS) a radiation monitoring system that detects, characterises and maps radiation.  RIAS consists of sensors (lightweight micro-gamma spectrometer and positioning devices) to collect data together with a micro-controller to collect, combine, store and transmit data and bespoke software to interpret data and produce maps showing the location and intensity of the radiation and.  RIAS is different to current systems which only detect and measure radiation and is of interest to clients in the nuclear industry, defence, homeland security and oil& gas sectors who buy it for the significantly improved capability and speed of response it offers over current systems.   Already incorporated onto a remotely piloted Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and a man-pack variant, RIAS is currently being integrated into a ground based vehicle system.  It will also be mounted on blimps, submersibles and other autonomous robot systems.
Revolutionzing Ignition Technology
USPTO patented composite plastic ignition device to replace traditional copper wire + pyrotechnic ignition technology.
Modularity between rifles and scopes (like DSLR body & lens)Our technology removes the proprietary relationship of one scope to one rifle. Currently, a scope may only be calibrated (zeroed) to one rifle at a time. Since the zeroing process is fairly painful to perform, most users end up purchasing duplicate sighting systems to perform the same task on different firearms.  Our technology reverses the zeroing process by zeroing the rifle to the scope. In this way, the proprietary zero of the rifle remains in the rifle and sighting systems can be freely swapped across rifles without the loss of zero.  Our customers are the majority of firearms users who would rather "buy once, cry once" when it comes to owning combat grade, top quality sighting systems and make the most use of them.   
We defeat online terrorist recruitment
Our platform uses publicly available data to provide deep insights into how extremist propaganda succeeds
Advanced Technology for Mission Critical ApplicationsRobotics - Saves lives.    Medical Applications - Better Visualization for Doctors and Clinicians.
Charge and Safety Controller for High-Power Lithium Ion BatteriesAdvanced Projects Research Incorporated (APRI) has developed a charge, thermal, and safety control system for high-voltage high-power lithium-ion batteries at the cell level. Using specialty modular hardware and model based control, this control system can ensure maximum battery life and safety. The system has broad applicability to on-road and industrial vehicles, to commercial and defense aircraft power systems, to uninterruptible power supply, solar, and other ground power systems as well as drones and submarine vehicles.  
device for contactless explosives deactivation from distance The company seeks to manufacture a device which is able to deactivate from distance explosives and chemical warfare with high-energy neutrons generated from deuterium tritium fusion reaction.  We hold two registered patents with the USPTO related to the proposed device:  1. Yasser R. Shaban and Milen Panteleev, “Method and apparatus of identifying explosives and chemical warfare on-field with capacitative neutrons generator”, US-patent No.: 8,479,562--Issued on July 9, 2013.  2. Yasser R. Shaban and Milen Panteleev, “Method and apparatus of deactivating explosives and chemical warfare with high-energy neutrons generated from deuterium tritium fusion reaction”, US-patent number: 8675802—will be issued March 18, 2014.    This is a revolutionary device which will drastically change modern day warfare in all of its aspects. We seek an investment for the prototype.
Technology for offender rehabilitationGeosatis develops an innovative and complete solution for offenders under electronic monitoring, allowing to localize offenders with high security and precision. Products and services developed by Geosatis decrease the cost of conventional sanctions as well as the hidden costs (like management or maintenance), and increase the success rate of social reintegration of prisoners returning into civil life.  Our products were developed from the ground up with the quality and security challenges of current localization services in mind and in partnership with probation & prisons officers in order to match their needs. The Geosatis bracelet integrates a state-of-the art GPS module providing the highest geo-localization precision on the market. In 2014, Geosatis started a project with the European Space Agency (ESA) devoted to integrating the latest space-based localization technologies into the bracelet (in particular EGNOS and Galileo). 
XR Training and Marketing SolutionsModest Tree develops extended reality (XR) training and marketing applications for enterprise clients seeking to demonstrate their products and train their clients in an Immersive training environment.  
WiFi for subsea (offshore oil and gas, deep sea mining, defense, etc.)
OceanComm is introducing the equivalent of WiFi to the subsea industry (ocean exploration, offshore oil and gas, deep sea mining, defense, etc.). We use ultrasound, rather than radio waves, to make this possible.
Founded to reshape the aviation industry via autonomous aerial vehiclesOur startup company is based on ONE revolutionary "Tilt-Wing Tri-Ducted Fan Multi-Mode vehicle" design  patent “pending” with three different platforms:     -Multi-Mode Unmanned Aerial vehicle (UAV).  -Multi-Mode Autonomous Personal Air vehicle (APAV).  -Multi-Mode Manned Vehicle.  BRAQ Aerospace is the beginning of a new era...Join us!
100x faster Big Data AnalyticsCognitive accelerates analytic workloads like Map Reduce and Graph Search by 100x or more. The performance stems from Cognitive's unique approach to eliminating, rather than speeding-up or optimizing, disk I/O. Cognitive's "Smart Memory" appliance can be easily deployed on premise or accessed per hour via the cloud.  Customers benefit from the increased performance, at a price less than flash or in-memory solutions can provide, without any code changes. In fact, Smart Memory enables existing batch code to run on unbounded streams of data as well.  Significant customers in security, finance, oil & gas, healthcare, and entertainment have lined up to deploy Cognitive’s Smart Memory technology. 
Cutting Edge Technology for the Military
KTS designs, develops, and produces products based on the needs of our military customers.   These products range from rapid prototype proof of concept units to full-fledged production systems. KTS continues to provide leading IRCM, aircraft survivability, and digital interoperability consulting expertise. These services range from complex architecture development through a product life cycle and culminating  with data analysis.
Recharging batteries by harvesting power from walkingBionic Power's PowerWalk™ is a knee based kinetic energy harvester that enables the recharging of batteries in the field by simply walking. PowerWalk™ is currently being developed for the military markets, but there are a number of consumer and professional markets worth pursuing.  The U.S. Army and Canadian Forces are funding PowerWalk’s military development and testing. It can generate an average of 12 Watts of power, which is stored in a battery.  This power is generated with little or no extra user effort (see Science paper in Press section).  A military product will be ready for limited soldier testing this fall. We have proposals with both the U.S. Army and Canadian Forces to continue to develop the product through MILSPEC, engineering for small scale manufacturing and squad level field testing.  The first version of the professional/consumer product will be based on the military product with battery & electronics built into each gear box. Thus, we have a need for this funding.
IVTG infinitely variable transmission gearThe invention presents infinitely variable gear mechanical transmission, in which the power transmission takes place via interlocking hemispheres toothed in a logarithmic spiral way. The transmission smoothly obtains power and changes the parameters of movement – torque and angular velocity without any loss of skid of cooperating transmission components.  This transmission can change seamlessly through an infinite number of effective gear ratios between maximum and minimum values. This contrasts with other mechanical transmissions that offer a fixed number of gear ratios. The flexibility of a this gear allows the input shaft to always maintain a constant angular velocity.  The unique advantage of IVTG is that transmission smoothly obtains power and changes the parameters of movement – torque and angular velocity without any loss or skid of cooperating transmission components (thanks to interlocking hemispheres).  
Simple and affordable space missionsOpen Cosmos offers a combination of hardware, software and services that reduce technical complexity, paperwork and cost when developing satellite hosted payloads.  We provide a standardized nanosatellite (qbee) and a payload development tool (qbkit) that together with our web app (qbapp) allow ful mission development from payload conception in qbkit to in orbit control once launched in our qbee. This together with a comprehensive list of services (frequency allocation, insurance negotiation, export control, launch, GNC...) allow our customers to focus on what really adds value to their projects: their payload and the in orbit data.  Open Cosmos makes space technologies available to entrepreneurs, researchers and a broader range of organizations that will not only use them to run Earth Observation businesses, gain TRL of technologies in real space conditions, perform exploration or drive military surveillance but also to develop disruptive innovations that will shape our future.
The Age Of Acrylic
Everyone loves to talk about how the world is in trouble, each with their own pet source of calamity, climate change, ecological collapse, fossil fuels, an economic system struggling to keep growing, but no one seems to know what to do about it. We do. The technologies we've created at Global Oceanic Designs, create a platform from which to tap into the greatest underdeveloped resource on the planet, the oceans. The oceans are filled with untapped mineral wealth, have more energy moving in them at any moment than we could use in 1000 years, and provide the opportunity to feed the entire world's population, all of which can be utilized, in both an economically and ecologically, sustainable way. Global's Technologies provide for a Sustainable Living, on and within our Oceans, Rivers and Lakes. Products and systems that will create sustainable services offshore, producing jobs and opportunities in virtually every field of endeavor.
Real-time remote sensing as disruptive innovationHypersphere HS-5k system for continuous surveillance is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) (1-4 days endurance), along with ground infrastructure required to provide Remote Sensing (RS) data in real time.   HS-5k system - a disruptive innovation into UAV and RS industries:  * UAV Industry: HS-5k per-flight-hour expenses are 10-15 times lower than other unmanned systems in the same class  * RS Industry:market price for 20 cm/px image: ~$65; HS-5k production cost for 20cm/px image: $0.15.
Data to Decisions through Superior Visual Computing
VizExperts helps organisations transform data to decisions through better visual computing. We do this by developing cutting edge products in domains like 3D geospatial systems (GIS), 3D graphics and visualisation, system modelling and distributed simulation (M&S), Virtual Reality (VR) and so on. Our customers includes defence R&D labs, space research centres, museums, design and decision making centres around the globe.
A new generation of firearms for special effects production
Copenhagen Industries is a brand new and innovative technology provider for special effects, film and tv production. Follow our progress here, as we develop our hardware platform and apply groundbreaking technologies to provide safe, reliable and high-end/low-cost combat incapable, SFX only weapon systems to the global special effects and prop market -- or head to CPH.Industries to learn more!
Dynamic Connectors Solutions Improving Cable Harness ReliabilitySlip-Sphere is an electro-mechanical, ball-and-socket joint that eliminates the need for cable flex in wiring harness assemblies.   - Slip-Sphere fundamentally eliminating localised mechanical work hardening at core deformation locations and systemically increasing cable harness reliability.  - Improves the life span of each cable harness and the associated system.  - Reduces Downtime as repairs can be made locally to the damaged area and not affect the entire assembly.  - Simple construction allows the design to be scaled up or down to suit a varying number of channels and sizes.  - Slip-Sphere can be configured for a huge range of application environments and market places offering a dynamic solution for challenging wiring applications.   - Slip-Sphere removes the guesswork from cable harness service schedules and increases service life by over 300%.  Voltrics is developing a driven version of Slip Sphere that has huge potential in the robotics industry.
Commercializing a cost-competitive wave energy device Columbia's device, the Manta, is a utility-grade wave energy converter that's designed to produce electricity reliably and competitively with just a few moving parts.  Both the Dept of Energy and Navy have supported the development of the device, and the prototype has been proven in a 13 month sea trial. 
Real-time clinical decision supportThe product uses a mobile device with a near field reader (e.g., Android phone or tablet) to allow doctors and nurses to capture clinical quality data at the point of care quickly and efficiently. The data is then sent to a clinical decision support platform in the Amazon Cloud which analyzes the data in real time and provides advice and/or alerts to the clinical care staff at the bedside.  And, the CDS platform allows for reporting and analysis of the data which can then be added to the electronic healthcare record, be analyzed for population health, used for quality improvement metrics, etc.  This platform saves the clinical care staff valuable time that they would normally spend hand entering and analyzing the quality data onto paper based forms.  The near field reader ability also saves them valuable time in having to hand enter patient ID data or bar-code scanning.  The near field reader allows a provider to merely swipe their ID, the patient's ID, etc. with their phone or tablet.
Cost effective gunshot detection for the smart cities
Shot-Q Gunshot Detection System
We design instrumentation for the physics experiments of tomorrow
Our electronic and optical instruments push the boundaries of speed, accuracy, reliability, and power.
An R&D company working on a High Powered Terahertz Source, using Plasmonic resonance
Advanced Plasmonics has developed a new innovative technology based on Plasmon Resonance in nanoantennae. When these nanoantennae are activated, they resonate and produce photons of wavelengths proportional to the design of the resonant structures. Proof of concept has been shown to work in the entire visible spectrum and we are currently investigating the Far Infrared and Terahertz wavelengths.
Taser meets Otter Box
Yellow Jacket is a patent pending iPhone® 4 & 4S case housing a 650,000 volt stun gun designed for personal protection. The Yellow Jacket case also contains its own battery, which provides up to 20 additional hours of charge to the phone. Yellow Jacket was made for iPhone® 4 & 4S owners that find themselves on the go -- independent professionals on job, frequent travelers or students entering college – as a convenient, reliable and non-lethal form of self-defense.
U.S. Military Veteran Seed Accelerator
VictorySpark is a mentor-driven seed accelerator part of the Global Accelerator Network. We provide up to $20k in grants for veteran-led startups. The program is a 12-week intensive program that takes place in Milwaukee, WI. We run 3 programs per year and our calendar is available on the VETransfer.org website. Accepted startups can also participate virtually. Mentors and instructors include Steve Blank, Bob Dorf, Nick Frost, and many more!
The Gore-Tex of Head Impact ProtectionHIP-Tec's goal is to dramatically improve head protection for society & build the Gore-Tex of Head Protection. Our brand WRSI, is already one of the largest whitewater helmet brands. The World's 1st Branded Head Protection expands through its own Brands, Joint Ventures & Licensing. HIP-Tec has an aggressively expanding Portfolio of IP developed in conjunction w Johns Hopkins University. "Protected by HIP-Tec" is being positioned to be as widely recognized as Dolby Surround, Intel or Gore-Tex.  
Systems engineering tools to rigorously verify designs & requirements
QRA Corp develops software that helps engineers build incredibly sophisticated machines – think jets, spacecraft, and smart buildings. To learn more about our products, visit QRACorp.com
Real-time critical support for our deployed troopsTroopsDirect.org is the nation’s leading non-profit supplier to our units in Afghanistan and beyond.  Contrary to other organizations, TroopsDirect supplies entire units of 1000+ servicemembers in bulk.  We communicate daily with military command, filling and shipping their specific requests often within 24 hours. TroopsDirect has filled ‘orders’ totaling over 10 tons for items including critically needed nutritional, medical, hygiene & equipment supplies. Nobody does what TroopsDirect.org does.
Patented supersonic jet engine with no moving partsAVRO is launching a family of advanced engines.  The SuperSonic eXperimental Propulsion ramjet (SSXP) is one of AVRO's latest engine designs and is capable of producing static thrust with no forward velocity by using our patented air induction system. This is a major innovation in jet engine design. The patented intake transforms ramjet engines into viable propulsion systems for the 21st century. Avro's customers are the military and aerospace industries.    
BASF in the makingAir pollution is a major environmental health problem leading to increased regulations and new developments in air purification applications. Goldemar Solutions´ mission is to improve air quality and reduce increasing health effects by producing patented catalytic materials that serve to eliminate airborne pollutants.   Goldemar produces a catalyst composed of gold nanoclusters with exceptionally high catalytic activity for oxidation and reduction reactions at room temperature, higher than any other catalyst presently on the market.  Market applications revolve around the removal of very specific contaminants. Goldemar has demonstrated high catalytic activity for the removal of Carbon Monoxide (CO), Mono-Nitrogen Oxides (NO & NO2), Hydrogen Sulfide (H2S), and several Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) including Formaldehyde, Isopropyl Alcohol (IPA), and Methanol.
Safe spinal rescueResQdevices has developed a versatile & easy to use splinting & extrication device for the ambulance, military, rescue & safety sectors.  ResQdevice's iX-System will enable paramedics & first-responders to protect patient's from secondary injury & enable their safe and rapid remove from danger.   ResQdevices is supported by the Ignition Labs accelerator program at ATP Innovations, Australia’s leading technology incubator.   
The Gay Military Social NetworkOutMilitary.com - the Gay Military Network is providing a supportive environment for friending, sharing & networking between gay active-duty military, vets & supporters in a post “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell” military.   Reported on by Reuters, ABC News, Huffington Post & Sirius XM.    With over 3600 members now, the site is poised for tremendous growth as the go-to place for the estimated 1 million LGBT vets & nearly 65,000 active-duty gay servicemen & women.  
Makes firearms accessories, upgrades, and improvements
M14, AR-15, M4, M1A, M1 Garand, Flash Hiders, Sound Suppressors, Muzzle Brakes
Cyber Intelligence & Intrusion Tools
We develop dead-simple Cyber Intelligence & Intrusion tools for the good guys!
Defense/Military & Avionics PCB Manufacturer of Flex & Rigid-Flex Circuits
Rigiflex Technology Inc is the worldwide leader in fabricating high-technology Flex & Rigid-Flex circuit boards. We manufacture for high-reliability applications such as Military-Defense, Medical Devices, Missile Systems, Avionics, & Satellite Programs.
Secure, Efficient, Service Bus for IoT
Coversant’s proprietary software (an IoT Service Bus) connects disparate systems and devices, across platforms, in real-time, enabling the marriage of the Internet of Things and Big Data. Built on event-driven architecture, our SoapBox product line offers an advanced presence engine and higher levels of security via application centric networking. In its 8th generation, SoapBox is mature, stable & patented. The architecture is powered by a multi-threaded 64-bit engine that enables more than 240,000 concurrent connections and more than 60,000 messages a second on a single server.
World class wireless communications systemsTwo main product lines, both centered on Escape Communications advanced wireless signal processing intellectual property:  Gigabit-class wireless backhaul for 5G cellular systems, including world's first working 10Gbps wireless link.  Protected-mode satellite terminals for ground and airborne applications.
Trail of bits secures some of the world’s most targeted organizations and productsSince 2012, Trail of Bits has helped secure some of the world’s most targeted organizations and products. We combine high-end security research with a real-world attacker mentality to reduce risk and fortify code.  As a cybersecurity research and consulting firm, we serve clients in the defense, tech, finance, and blockchain industries. We help with their most difficult security challenges by designing and building new technology, researching new techniques to advance the state of practice, and reviewing the security of the latest available technology products before they hit the market.  Our team consumes, produces, and presents research as a natural part of doing business. When we make new discoveries or developments, we strive to share our knowledge and release our tools as open-source. It’s a practice that’s earned us industry accolades and helped contribute to our double-digit bottom line growth.
Manufacturing of Tactical Sewn GoodsWe manufacture tactical products for the military. We focus on sewn goods but also work with medical kits, man-packable solar kits, and maritime products.   malterrausa.com maddoxdefensemedical.com a3e.us neptunetactical.com
Uber for dronesSkyware is an early stage startup that builds low cost user obsessed smarter UAV systems with focus on making real world data available in real time to those in need and as many times needed.   Buy Skyware drones or collect data on demand via our partner pilots certified by the skyware wingman program.   Imagine the impact you could make in your business practices if you had access to valuable data that could aid in smarter decision making. What if you had realtime proactive information about the health of your crops, with ability to understand their stress differentiation, manage field irrigation system better and repeat surveys on your land as frequently you wanted yet not burn a hole in your pocket?   
Drop cost of wind generated electricity to $0.02/kWhiVEG combines proven technology from the auto industry to produce Direct to Grid electricity via wind driven generators.  Our magnetic variable transmission allows us to reach rated power much quicker while our KERS inspired technology allows us to maintain rated power for a longer period; thereby increasing the capacity factor of the wind turbine.  The programming of iVEG allows us to match the grid signal and go Direct to Grid with out the expensive inverters, converters and batteries.
Making the World Safer
MAKING THE WORLD SAFER. We empower organizations and people to communicate and collaborate in times of crisis.
Face.com for movement
Klassifi is a real-time human activity classification system. It works by using data from smartphone sensors to infer daily activities. This data can benefit applications in the health and healthcare, life logging, and self-improvement markets.
Talent Agency for Cleared IT Professionals
GreenBadgers is a talent agency for Defense Contractors
Enterprise Management of Drone (UAV) Programs
Juniper Unmanned provides the infrastructure for large enterprises to conduct flight with a UAV that is safe, effective, and in compliance with the law. This includes scalable flight services. We conduct flight services for Caterpillar, Trimble, Fluor, Disney, Apple, Cardno, CH2M Hill, and many others.
Mission-Critical Cyber SecurityVS2's  Exploit Resilient Architecture (xRA) leverages principles of fault tolerant computing advanced data packet encryption to achieve an order of magnitude improvement in cyber exploit detection/elimination for mission critical applications. (i.e. non-stop and/or life critical)  Markets include the intelligence community (IC) , aerospace/defense (A&D) , automotive,  oil and gas, public utilities, pharma, healthcare and financial institutions among others. A DARPA manager has tagged xRA as "revolutionary." Evaluations of our beta release are currently underway with IC, A&D and automotive prospects. 
Innovative data collection and analysis solutions
We are developing hardware-based intelligence collection devices for covert use in the intelligence/SOCOM arena. Eventually we hope to make restricted versions for law enforcement that will be locked to only provide functionality the agency's legal team agrees is within the boundaries the department is subject to.
Smart BatteryNowadays sustainability and renewable energy is becoming a very important trend, also for common people that wants to be more sustainable and eco-friendly. So it emerge a need for people to know their own impact on the ecosystem and to have at the same time a way to be actively sustainable, creating energy from renewable sources for their own personal usage, such as smartphones, tablets and smartwatches. Another trend is in fact the use of power-bank, portable batteries useful as power backup for the highly technological and connected everyday life of most of the people.   “SmartBE” has been invented to fulfill these very related needs of today users, in a elegant and modular design that delivers solar/wind/kinetic way of recharge and is coupled with an APP for smartphone that tracks the energy created and consumed in terms of fuel, related to the user trips, and with other add-ons, it can also tracks the energy consumption of your personal devices, water consumption.
Augmented reality solutions for different range of use
WMX is specialized in deploying customized interactive screens, hologram displays and all kind of innovation in order to offer to its client’s satisfaction and loyalty and withering realism. WMX is a combination between innovation and Disruptive technology to help media, large commercial enterprises, property developers, advertising companies, events and shows… to maximize their audience, originality and realism. WMX could be useful even in health practice, military and entertainment
UAV Robotic Area Defense SystemScorpions save lives and protect high value assets (e.g. ammo storage, forward re-supply, observation posts, borders etc.) in combat contested areas at a greatly reduced defense cost.  Scorpions are a smart force multiplier.  Target Market: The US government and all other military branches of governments allied with the USA. 
Military digital media networkDuffel Media is a new digital media network for young military veterans and national security watchers centered around four key verticals: news, video, gaming, and humor.  The network is a place for underserved military readers to learn about important topics while providing a crucial niche market for universities, brands, and companies to reach and advertise to.  We already have deep penetration into the space, with a humor website called DuffelBlog.com. Often referred to as "The military version of The Onion," Duffel Blog boasts more than 1 million unique visitors and 3-5 million+ pageviews per month.
Data In Context. Driving InsightsnContext offers business services, data-driven solutions and consulting engagements. All designed to optimize organizational performance.     
Lifting the fog of warWhat turns a minor skirmish into a major war? How does a natural disaster become a humanitarian crisis?   Often, its poor decision-making caused by incomplete or inaccurate information that causes miscalculations, missed opportunities, and accidental escalations. That lack of knowledge and the uncertainty it causes is called "the fog of war."  Raven Black's platform combines scalable data infrastructure, machine learning, and visualization tools to connect hundreds of data sources from throughout the Department of Defense into a single, accurate picture. Its purpose is to lift the fog.  Raven Black has raised $4.5M from top tier VCs, including Accel, and has generated over $3.9M in revenue.
Arralis has developed world-leading expertise in radio frequency, micro and millimetre-wave technology.   Our products, which are the ultimate in precision and innovation, are used in both global and space environments where accuracy and reliability are critical. We also create partnerships with other leading technology providers to build bespoke high performance, cutting-edge solutions. We provide added value through advanced, research and innovation aligning our solutions with our client’s strategic objectives.   From MMIC & Modules to Systems and Capability, Arralis provide the Invisible Edge to some of the world’s largest aerospace and security companies.
Personal Defense DroneFury Defense Robotics is creating the world’s first self-defense drone.   The Fury Drone is small and portable. If attacked, a person simply tosses Fury into the air. The drone unfolds and hovers out of reach. Fury immediately flashes a stunning light, sounds a siren, takes photos and calls 911, and, if needs be, sprays the attacker with repellent.    Fury differentiates in the market by being the fastest to deploy, easiest and safest to use and most effective defense product available. It is the only product to provide the ability to summon help, collect information and counterattack, all in one product. The initial targeted customers are women that prefer a non-lethal, safe and effective form of protection.   Fury was designed by Chris Peake and Dan Berry utilizing over 47 years of robotic and aerospace design experience. Mr. Peake was an initial co-founder of three successful robotics and software firms.  The Fury Drone is due for launch by the end of January, 2016.  
IP networking and applications for tactical radio communication
DRS – Dynamic Relay System, designed to ensure and maintain continuous communication under any known situation in the battlefield; during a maneuver, during street fighting, inside building or even underground fighting. The DRS technology dramatically enhances the legacy radio units, and brings a variety of innovative and enhanced features to the fighting units.
Equity Crowdfunding Investment Platform for the Defense IndustryDefense Funder  Inc. owns and operates the DefenseFunder.com crowdfunding portal that brings entrepreneurs and investors together to invest in the future of the defense & security industry. The DefenseFunder.com portal charges a monthly listing fee and service fees based on funds raised (5%-10%) depending on the size and scope of the project. Defense Funder aims to become the leading Crowdfunding Portal (CFP) for the defense & security industry – funding projects ranging from $50,000 to $50,000,000. The goal is to develop the DefenseFunder.com website into a useful and profitable crowdfunding platform for the defense & security industries. Unlike traditional crowdfunding business models, Defense Funder  Inc. is pooling small investments together and giving investors equity ownership interest in defense & security ventures.
Nexgen cyber security product & support 1.Gprotect Pro - A comprehensive premium virus protection software against all types of virus, malware, worms, Trojans, spyware, including defense from keyloggers, phishing scams, email-borne threats and rootkits and more.  2.Gprotect Speedup PC - A PC optimizer to make your PC run faster. It helps to automatically locates and repairs problems that can slow down your PC.  3.GHacker Wall - a firewall to prevent all Web Threats  Hacker Wall keeps your networked computers shielded from intended unsympathetic disturbance. Just keep your PC safe and sound from viruses and Hackers. It has easy to navigate interface.  4. Gcloud - Trustworthy, Wide-Ranging and Secure Ways to Back up the Crucial DataGprotect Online Backup is the absolute protection tool for all home base computer users and information-driven enterprise.  5. Gtech Support - At Gprotect, we provide premium tech help desk support  for consumer & SMB segment.
Visualize, Quantify and Optimize the flows of your facility and keep the jobs localAMIA Systems is a spin-off based in Belgium from the "Université Libre de Bruxelles" led by Ms Emmanuelle Vin  We help plant managers to Visualize, Quantify and Optimize their facility layout such as their maintenance site or production plant using SIMOGGA.  AMIA Systems works for industries such as transportation, maritime, automotive, aerospace and defense: i.e. DAF Trucks (Automotive), Twin Disc (Machinery), TD Williamson (Oil & Energy), SNCB/NMBS (transportation), Sonaca (Aviation & Aerospace), NLMK (Mining & Metals), Tale Me (Textiles)  Our past results include 40% decrease flows within the production unit  * Download SIMOGGA: amia-systems.com/download-simogga.html * Understand SIMOGGA : amia-systems.com/videos.html * Read our case studies: amia-systems.com/the-publications.html  Keys to success of our projects:  * 2D factory layout everyone can understand * Need few amount of data to perform the analysis  
Satellite Propulsion Systems and Orbital Launch Vehicles
Bellatrix Aerospace offers you affordable access to Space. With dedicated Launch Vehicles for Nano-Satellites and In-Space Propulsion Systems to boost the lifetime in orbit, Space has never been more accessible.
Artificial Intelligence solutions for the Retail and Security Industry
Use advanced Video Analytics and technologies like human activity recognition and automated visual monitoring to protect physical establishments and sensitive areas.
Satellite enabled asset & threat geolocation
TBD
High Performance, Environmentally Clean Solid Rocket PropellantTraditional solid rocket fuel used in missiles and space launch vehicles has two primary problems: (1) it burns inefficiently, resulting in up to a 10% fuel loss during combustion that prevents the rocket from realizing its full range and payload capacity, and (2) it emits highly toxic hydrochloric acid (“HCl”) that is destructive to the environment and corrodes launch equipment, resulting in substantial maintenance and environmental remediation costs.   Adranos has solved these two problems by developing a new rocket fuel formulation called ALITEC that maximizes fuel efficiency and virtually eliminates HCl production. At a 45% lower cost, ALITEC will allow space launch vehicles, satellites, and ballistic missiles up to a 68% extended range, a 65% increased payload capacity (i.e., up to a 33 second increase in delivered specific impulse based on one metric ton of propellant), and a 99% reduction in HCl. Adranos developed ALITEC at Purdue University’s Maurice J. Zucrow Laboratories.
Unique intelligence operations services for private clients
Jellyfish Intel is an innovative, private sector initiative designed by a team of former military and intelligence operatives, chief executives and corporate strategists offering private intelligence services to executives of multinational corporations and governments. Amid increasing global geopolitical tensions and complex foreign policy decisions around the world, Jellyfish offers unique services in various intelligence disciplines including OSINT, HUMINT, SIGINT and Wargaming Strategies.
Revolutionary new analog to digital convertersThe Company is developing a next generation electronics technology based on  micron scale electron guns built with standard MEMS techniques.  The analog to digital converters (ADCs) and THz capable RF components based on this technology offer orders of magnitude improvements to electronics for key analog and RF markets.    Also developing a line of deep submicron CMOS ADCs for the US Air Force for use in commercial and military satellites and advanced wireless and photonic data communications.  
Industrial Holographic Remote Support & Training
RemoteSpark is a cloud-based communication layer for the Microsoft HoloLens that helps support industrial remote task support and training. A worker wearing the HoloLens can connect to a remote expert's desk computer to get video and holographic support for completing complex tasks. RemoteSpark also facilitates the use of holographic 3D simulation and training.
Novel Metamaterial Antenna for Flat Sat Broadband
Icarus Metamaterials provides the latest technology to revolutionize the performance of internet communications of trains, planes, automobiles and satellites. We aim to improve broadband signal from under-performing routers using our antennas and across other applications such as in remote areas with the use of our antenna techniques. This could include a line of broadband repeaters and improved industrial strength broadband routers for industrial applications.
Enterprise Drone Swarm Operating System over network
DROne Swarm NAvigation System (DROSNAS) - a cloud based Drone Swarm Navigation System, that allows large civilian and military organizations to fly multiple drones over a network without a single manual pilot. The system uses an autopilot module, which can be plugged in on any drone to control and flown using cloud based navigation system. Some features to name:-  Pilot-less flying  Automated Flight monitoring, equipped with Failsafe systems  Flight monitoring & supervision by the server and user  Dual Autopilot system which ensures fight stability & navigation  Integration with Google Maps  Ability to handle multiple handle drone flights at the same time  Equipped with D-TCAS, drone monitoring tool  Open to integration
AI designed for IoT applications
End to end IoT AI stack, data to low power neural net inference via an integrated platform
Unmanned Ground Vehicle Saving LivesABOUT URS:   The URS Labs SXM Series is both a manned and semi-autonomous unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) which is proven rugged and reliable by operators globally.   URS Labs SXM is built with open source robotics and AI to maximize flexibility to governments and government approved third parties humanitarian and combat applications worldwide.   WHY URS:   URS is a military force multiplier. Heavy loads slow land forces and exhaust them with approach march loads exceeding 1000* pounds, dismounted infantry move slowly and are exhausted when they arrive.   URS can carry the soldiers’ load, provide heavy repower, conduct combat breaching, and clear routes that save money versus more expensive manned vehicles and human lives. URS can bring relief to communities displaced in dangerous war zones while keeping relief workers a safe distance away.  URS SXM SERIES:   The URS Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) is the most cutting edge land system for that offers both manned and unmanned capabilities. 
<Watch this space>
<watch this space>
Simplest, stablest, fastest VTOL aircraftVTOL aircraft with what I believe unprecedented simplicity, stability, gust resistance and forward speed - superior to helicopters in all these respects and more. The novel control technology is scalable; UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) versions can carry cameras and sensors swiftly to target then hover motionless in spite of winds. And, again unlike helicopters, in very tight spaces.  Customers/Markets are: Defense, Police, Utilities, Aerial Photography, Hobby, Toy.    
We Secure Data Streams to Protect Intellectual Property, Communications, & Sensitive DataAt LoctDown, we understand that in today's interconnected world enterprises heavily depend on the security of data streams to sustain profitability and ensure competitive advantage. 
 
 LoctDown's premier software, enVisible, protects enterprise's Intellectual Property, Financial Data, Sensitive Information, and Communications.
 
 With enVisible, secure your data streams and take charge of your enterprise's information, protecting your Intellectual Property, Financial Data, Sensitive Information, and Communications. enVisible also provides a digital cloak where the assurance of security and privacy is absolute. 
 
 While Using enVisible :
 - You are impervious to hacking / tracking tools
 - IP addresses and IP traffic can't be captured or logged by any ISP or cellular provider
 - Your IP address is CHANGED not masked or hidden
 - NSA Suite B Encryption
 - Logically Locked Browsing
 - Encrypted Backup of Data
Your source for R&D servicesAn R&D services directory targeted at the electronics technology industry. Site has over 150 R&D services vendors providing design, consulting, testing and manufacturing services. 
 
 Widely used by R&D Managers to quickly find qualified R&D services partners. 
space weather information solutions
Space weather information solutions addressing a multitrillion dollar, multibillion lives, risk event.
10-20x Faster CFD Simulations
3 Mechanical engineers developed a Computational Fluid Dynamics solver that speeds up runs by 10-20 times. We have licensed users, and are just launching our SaaS platform. Founded 6 years ago, one founder worked for worlds largest CFD company. We have revenue with big name clients, and are looking to scale.
Bringing the dream of Powered Exoskeletons to lifeExoskeleton for military, construction and search and rescue markets.  Amplifies user's strength by 5-10x, speed and dexterity will match the user's own abilities with computer assisted balance.  Follow on markets for downgraded version would be elderly and disabled.
Imaging and Sensor Systems for Defence, Homeland Security and Complex Environments
Battlefield modernization technologies, Immersive surveillance and strategic electronics for military applications. Tactical Sights, Land-Marine-Aerial Surveillance and Reconnaissance Systems, Fire Control and Drive Vision Systems
New thinking from the beginning
Product information is not currently available.
Like eBay, but just for militaria and war stuffWARSTUFF is a bit like eBay, but only for war stuff, militaria and military antiques. WARSTUFF connects militaria collectors and dealers in the fastest growing marketplace just for war and military memorabilia.  Unlike eBay which bans the sale of some of the military items collectors are interested in, WARSTUFF has usage policies to suit all of the niche. All types of antique deactivated weapons, WW2 items, collectable blades and inert ordinance can be bought and sold, as well as the usual uniforms, medals, helmets and other interesting military items that generalist sites permit.  The company also provides a militaria valuations service via WARSTUFF Valued which for a fee helps customers value their militaria through a written appraisal of their item by an expert. This is based on a description and photos of the items the customer supplies.
Radically different pothole repair technologCombining the latest advances in material science and nanotechnology with an automated all-weather robotic delivery system that utilizes machine vision algorithms, our pothole repair solution is 2 to 20 times faster than conventional methods - permanently sealing a pothole in less than 5 minutes.  AsphaltPro™ - The benefits of world's first plastic-based pothole sealant:  •	All Repair Types - Potholes, alligator cracks, sunken manholes, etc. •	Permanent Repair - Durable with better adherence to asphalt than asphalt itself. •	Eco-friendly - Activated by recycled matter (ash, cement, etc.) to reduce global waste. •	All-weather Operation - Exothermic requires no preheating and capable of repairing even during rain and extreme weather. •	Extremely Cost Effective - Permanent pothole repair solution capable of 365/24/7 automated delivery with only a single driver - saving millions in road repair costs, damage to vehicles and lawsuits.
developing of innovative technologies, robotics, artificial intelligence
We offer the idea of creation an implantable living nervous tissue, previously grown together with electrodes. With all this going on, in an organism of a patient living neurons previously grown together with lifeless "flesh" of electrodes are implanted, not electrodes, which adoption is a problem. This system can be applied for rehabilitation of victims after an extremity avulsion, replacement of functionless joints. It is multipurpose, and can be in use for different aims.
The Flying Saucer Experience TMWe are introducing the Hover Airlift and Logistics Operation Vehicle ( HALOGx TM) to the world. The HALOGx is a multipurpose true all-terrain vehicle which uses advanced rotary engine technology for manned or autonomous Vertical Takeoff and Landing (VTOL) flights from land, sea, snow and air for entertainment, search and rescue, and personal use.  krqe.com/dpp/news/pushing-for-saucer-rides-at-spaceport spacesciencescorp.com moonandback.com  
Materials and Engineering innovation
Synbiosys has a number of ongoing projects. The most fundamental of these is a new type of bullet-proof glass (bbc.co.uk/programmes/b0bqjrpt) which will massively increase the protection per weight of bullet-proof windows. Other projects include novel anti-vehicle traps and rapidly deployable protective shelters (thetimes.co.uk/article/origami-inspires-pop-up-shelter-for-battle-zones-nwwxf…).
Electric and Hybrid vehicles
Founded in late 2013, the company has emerged as a leading provider of electrical and electronic engineering services. We work closely with our clients, engineer to engineer, to ensure that the right problem is solved. IN-RDVS is also a leading provider of innovative electrical and electronic components that optimise the performance of vehicle systems. Built on our proven state-of-the-art technology platforms, our components are designed and configured to meet the requirements of specific architectures, covering many elements of different vehicle systems. We work across almost all vehicle types ranging from 2 wheelers to supercars and heavy vehicles including those used for military applications, and most things in between. The key technology areas we operate in are EV, PHEV, hybrid and fuel cell vehicles. Our teams have expertise across a very wide range of electronic systems, such as battery electronics, high voltage power systems, body electronics, off-board and test systems.
Reinventing Primary WoundcareAxio (axiobio.com) is an ISO 13485 certified Medical device Designer and Manufacturer Company focused on Advanced Wound Management.  Axio has the distinction to be the first company in India to design, develop and commercialize an Emergency Haemostat for Trauma care. Vision of Axio is to develop affordable, high impact medical products that can solve unmet healthcare needs of emerging markets. Controlling life threatening bleeding continues to be the major cause of death from traumatic injuries. Axiostat is its flagship product developed to reduce the mortality due to traumatic bleeding. 
Smart Tethered Drone Systems for Surveillance and Communications
Elistair designs and manufactures tethered solutions for the civilian drone market, bringing unlimited autonomy and high-speed data transfer to drone companies.  Our mission is to bring efficiency and productivity to the UAV market.
Phonon Ionization Thermoacoustic Transduction Pump
Biotic Technology™ mimics an ecological process discovered by the inventor, Neil Manspeizer. The idea is to trigger a process, known as Transgression-Tensility™, within the Global Electrical Circuit (GEC). This is accomplished using a technological device that transduces a thermoacoustic quasi-particle (phonon) through ionization. This device can be used to produce electricity from the endothermic process which would be popular in many consumer markets. Currently, the device has passed the proof of concept stage and a prototype is planned. Additionally, because the device operates along the thermoacoustic range within the GEC, it can be used for chemical-free geoengineering to reverse climate change. This makes the device very popular in governmental markets while the Geographic Intelligence (GEOINT) potential is popular to military markets. With regard to GEOINT, Biotic Technology™ is used in the War on Terror at the boundary of quantum acoustic fields to research mental maps.
Adaptive Firearm Training Technology Our first product is the ATLaS-08, a rechargeable, wireless enabled reactive laser target used for firearms training. The ATLaS-08 is dust proof, water resistant, and is the only laser trainer capable of being used indoors or out. All ATLaS units can also be powered through wall adapters, solar, or external batteries to accommodate mission requirements. Whereas competitive products only work with red lasers, the ATLaS system can sense and respond to lasers of any color as well as other visible light sources such as flashlights. Trainers can be operated / configured from the onboard interface, or through our mobile/desktop software for both control and metrics gathering. Our metrics gathering backend system will generate reoccurring revenue through officer and department subscriptions giving police departments the ability to track and tailor trainings for individual / team needs.  
IOT Product Design, VxWorks-Linux RTOS Master, Hardware Design
Mighty is the first and only device that takes your streaming music, like Spotify, on-the-go without being connected to a smartphone. Lightweight, durable, and small enough to clip-on to any piece of clothing, it's the perfect companion for your active & unplugged life. Mighty comes equipped with Bluetooth and WiFi, is compatible with iPhones and Androids, works with wired and bluetooth headphones, and can play 48 hours of music without any internet connection. All for under $89. Mighty was born from personal frustration with the current on-the-go music experience. Today, every option to stream music while exercising requires a bulky, fragile smartphone. And phones are only getting larger, more fragile, more expensive, and more battery hungry. We built a simple product for that provides users with a comfortable and seamless music+fitness experience, all without a phone.The first version of Mighty will aim to integrate with Spotify & other streaming music services in the near future.
Be prepared to recover quickly - security from climate changeThe extreme climate changes of the last ten years, have resulted in more than $200 billion in business losses each year and millions of injured or dead, during the last decade.   In Davos, Switzerland, in February, President of the World Bank, called on corporate leaders to take action: "Every company, investor and bank that screens new and existing investments for climate risk is simply being pragmatic."   BeeGo's global command center is your source for leadership and guidance to maintain continuity during a natural disaster without disruption. We are a premier information and analytics center that uses advanced technologies to monitor the environment, your industry, your companies, your organizations and your region. We predict outcomes that may adversely affect your operations and capabilities and then we provide you with viable solutions for valuable decision-making based on data science and analytics. Continue to do business as you meant to, even during climate change effects. 
first mobile intensive care unit
ACHROS HealthTech is developing the first mobile intensive care unit (ICU) that is not only for transporting critically ill people between ICUs but a sealed and controlled atmosphere for critically ill patients where they can be fit with their bed in the case of hospital beds crises, social crises and disasters and even for space missions.
Spectrum Scanning From OrbitSkyeSense allows the collection of data from signals across a huge spectrum - up to 10 GHz. We can quickly switch frequencies and collect data from many kinds of transmitters on the land, on the sea, or in the air - and do this in many industries. We can back-haul the data we collect, process it, and deliver it to the customer. It doesn't matter what frequency they use, or even if the signal were meant to be collected from space.  We can also scan specific spectrum to create a radio frequency picture of the Earth. This is useful for creating a unique radio frequency fingerprint of certain areas of the world, or even specific targets - such as an illegal fishing operations, or identification of signal interference.  We have confirmed we can do this because we already have operational hardware on the International Space Station.
Eliminate Data Exposure / Computer TheftCicada Security Technology Inc. (CST), the developer of 'The Cicada' the first commercially available security technology platform to provide active protection for authenticated and active devices (computing, intelligent mobile device, and tablet) against attempted theft, tamper and the unauthorized exposure of confidential data. CST has also developed 'EO' a process which enables the delivery of a centrally managed service to provide an in-host of purge legacy data from storage hardware in EOL computing devices. 
 
 The Cicada technology enables CISO's to extend the physical security perimeter to include the telecommuter, and has appeal to Government and Enterprise clients. The Cicada can also be integrated with existing end-point security platforms to enable visibility to physical threat. 
 
 Cicada EO enables government, healthcare, financial and enterprise clients the ability to use a government developed data purge standard without removing the storage device from the host.

Rapid response to cyber crises and low cost Security Operations Centres
Security Operations Centers, Penetration Testing, Counter Surveillance, Counter espionage
Product Development CompanyWe help our clients convert napkin sketch ideas into realities. We do this by providing a team of experts focused on the client’s vision; helping to reduce costs, avoid mistakes and provide a proven process for successful product development and launch.  We provide highly specialized engineering capabilities related to product development for: industrial design, research, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, application/embedded level software development and rapid product prototyping. We are involved with a very fast growing and rapid paced market. Team Design provides a capability that will never go obsolete – people will never stop creating new products and coming up with great ideas.   We also use our client partnerships, access to great ideas and people in order to collaborate on new products for development and internal investment.    Our value proposition is simple, if you need a product developed, we are better, faster and more experienced than any alternative. 
Federal Focused Software Engineer Value InnovatorsAs a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) with extensive expertise in:  Agile Development, including Test Driven Development (TDD), Agile Modeling and eXtreme Programming  Mobile Application Development, including the use of Marjau Mobile Synchronization Framework to speed the co-design and co-development of Integrated Mobile/Server Systems  Decision Support Systems, including Clinical Decision Support Systems (CDSS)  Systems Design and Integration, including Healthcare Integration Engines (HIE)  Database Design and Implementation  Open Source Software and Frameworks
Duke develops robotic stabilization systems
Duke develops robotic stabilization systems
High Growth Aerospace Service Provider
Turnkey services of platform mission modifications for Land, Sea, and Air Platforms. Specialist Prime contractor, project management, and system integration. Specialist of Situational Awareness, Network Centricity, and Air Defence. Cradle to grave project execution.
Innovative Hoisting Systems for Rescue Helicopters25 degrees. That is the difference between life or death. 11 years ago, the President of Vita Inclinata was on a search & rescue mission when a friend & colleague fell to the ground due to a heart attack. The rescue helicopter called to help his friend was forced to leave after they were unable to lower a rescue basket because of the basket’s uncontrolled pendulum swing. This swinging can vary as much as 25 degrees from vertical depending on wind & the helicopter itself. There are currently 19,000 military helicopters around the world which face the potential of deadly chaotic pendulum swing of the rescue basket. Working together, patent pending drone technology combined with a proprietary control algorithms counteract the swaying motion of the cable & basket. Vita's product decreases the swing of the basket 2500% to complete vertical.  
The most advanced wearable safety lights on the market
Guardian Angel™ (Archangel Device, LLC) wearable safety lights are designed with a core belief that personal lighting technology will make the world a safer place. Our mission is, and always will be, to save lives by developing the most advanced, high-tech wearable safety lights on the market. Our devices are rugged enough to protect the lives of law enforcement and first responders in the field, yet practical and versatile enough to be a must-have tool on any construction site or outdoor adventure.
TurboTax for Military/Commercial Product Support Financials
Hypatia is the productization of the mind of the world's most renowned subject matter expert on remanufacturing and product support financial analytics. With a nearly 40 year career in the field, hundreds of published articles and current/past clients such as GE, General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, FLIR, Northop Grumman, and many more, this is a start up within the highly successful niche consulting firm, Giuntini & Company, Inc. Hypatia is a scenario-based Product Support/Aftermarket financial analytics software tool. It has been developed and validated over 35+ years with some of the world's largest defense and commercial capital equipment enterprises and delivers an unparalleled drill-down into the deepest levels of Product Support/Aftermarket lifecycle financials. The project is currently several years into transition from an Excel workbook into a SQL database - we're looking to accelerate the programming and final application development process in order to meet customer demand.
Geospatial Interoperable Service Oriented Architecture Products
Red Spider Suite (became Intergraph Apollo sold by Hexagon Geospatial)
Full service IT and network technology services for your businessWe build simple, resilient, and scalable IT infrastructure and solutions.  We are an industry leader in tactical network design, integration, testing, deployment, and support for the Department of Defense Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Combat and Intelligence (C5I) systems.  We solve challenges for enterprise, data center, and Department of Defense Denied-Disconnected Intermittent Limited environments.
We seal your deal...literallyThe Seal Genie™ is the worlds most advanced garden hose washer ever created and the last one you will ever need… period! Made in U.S.A.  U.S. & Worldwide patents pending 	Quite possibly the world’s ONLY patented washer solution. 	Perfect example of Form & Function. 	Easy to use, understand 	NO moving parts! Nothing to break!  Timing     	‘Green’ type of product with service life of years and years- not throw away.      	Can be made both in the U.S.A *and* abroad      	Offers substantial value at a low price, esp for a lifetime use product.   Multiple/overlapping markets 	Each market segment advertises for, or strengthens the others 	Lawn / Garden / Home all interconnected 	NO other product can match/beat it, period!		  Ready to roll     	Product design, testing, majority of patent work completed.      	Major mfgs. already sourced and located in the U.S.A. 	Seasonal cycle for first market segment is optimal NOW.
Recovering specialty products for electronics and aerospace manufacturing worldwideOur product is mid & high grade copper powder consumed within electronics manufacturing and aerospace.  Depending on the grade of product, its' end use application can be any thermal or conductive applications such as capacitors, microwave chips, printed circuit boards, conductive ink, conductive paste, conductive paint, etc..  * 3 million USD of product in-hand i.e. collateral  Electrolytic Copper Powder: High Grade * 800 million of material under contract and ready for sale * Over 1 billion of product in reserve  Copper Metal Powder: Medium Grade * 9.5 metric tons of inventory * Contracted with manufacturer as agent producing 2 metric tons per month  Soft Contracts: * 10 metric tons per year - Copper Metal Powder * 272 Kilograms @ $1500 per gram - Electrolytic Copper Powder * Multiple contracts and samples being drafted now  Team: * Material Scientist * Metallurgical Engineer * Corporate Executive  Additional - Shopping Cart Website: coppermetalpowder.com - under construction
Ride sharing service to space
The Quberider service gives businesses, research institutions, developers and students the opportunity to validate their hardware and software space technology. Validation of space technology is important because developers and users only utilise products that have a proven "flight heritage", without the proof of space worthiness the technologies you develop are worthless. Quberider offers a cheap, easy and fast solution to the problem of space technology validation by flying multiple customer experiments aboard the one spacecraft in order to reduce the cost of the entire space mission for each user. It removes all of the traditional headaches and problems of sending your stuff into space by taking care of all of it for you and giving you what you want, tested, vetted space experiments and the data that goes along with it.
Liquid Metal 3D Printing
The Mk1 Experimental represents a revolutionary advance in 3D printing — bringing to life new possibilities for metal additive manufacturing. Centered on our patent pending MagnetoJet technology, the Mk1 propels liquefied metal from a 1200°C chamber encased in an electromagnetic field through print nozzles similar to an inkjet printer – allowing full control of the Earth’s most abundant metal, Aluminum. It’s reliance on wire feedstock rather than powders allows the Mk1 to offer significantly reduced operating expenses and dramatically reduced time for near net shape parts.
Due Diligence & Development for Defense (USA)
Victory Six provides investors with market intelligence, technology vetting and business development for companies in the security and national defense sectors.
Autonomous Drone Airbase - No Human Involvement at AllProduct Brief Description: Autonomous Drone Airbase allows the agencies to setup portable surveillance airbase.  It do not require any human involvement once installation is done. Multiple drones will fly and communicate with each other in order to complete the mission.  Drone will charge themselves up once the flight time is over. Airbase will operate day and night and drones will synchronize their flight time in a way that at-lest few drones from the team remains in the sky all the time.  The Product comes with many other features.   I have invested half of the total investment and looking for the other half in order to complete the project as soon as possible.   Best Regards Priyanshu Joshi +971-566072812 , DUABI(UAE) Priyanshujoshi1991@gmail.com BTech: Computer Science Engineering MTech: Computer Science Engineering MBA: International Business(US)
Software Development for Sports, Healthcare, and MilitaryGPS-Sports, Inc. is a software development company. We have developed and will market a system that will revolutionize the entire sporting, military, and commercial consumer Industries in the receiving, tracking, and analyzing of personal data in real time. GPS-Sports technology will change our hospital stays, doctor’s visits, and how we watch and experience sporting events.
 
 The Products:
 
 First Alert Sports Tracker: The FAST product line is a series of technological tools that will aid sports and medical professionals in monitoring the health and performance of athletes. 
 
 Tactical Health and Operations Review (THOR): The THOR system will combine a number of computing and communications practices to create a system that comprehensively calculates an individual’s effectiveness.  
 
 Tactical Health System (THS): THS focuses on detecting and identifying the unknown conditions in the bodies of high-risk groups such as individuals with heart disease, diabetes, and obesity. 
 

Super Computer on a chip for streaming data into intellegence without a data center
Super Computer Chip
Location-based News
SigActs built the Internet's premier location-based news API, and has extensive experience making geospatial data accessible and actionable.
Enabling Operational Excellence using Industrial Internet of Things Technology
Industrial Internet of Things (IoT) technologies and consulting for advanced manufacturing, connected machines, smart grid, microgrid and industrial facilities and energy management.
A new dawn for safety paradigms in A&D industry
Sia Aerospace is a company founded in 2012 as a university spin-off at Polytechnic of Milan, of Aerospace Science and Technology Department. The company designs, manufactures, and sells an innovative line of products for the market of rotary-wing aircraft, which ensure higher chances of survival to the flight-crew in an emergency landing. Using its own technology, cutting-edge in crashworthiness field and exploiting advanced design with easy integration feature, the proposal products line is suitable to the helicopters of today and tomorrow. Sia Aerospace uses advanced materials environmentally friendly and modern production methods, in accordance with high quality standards. The company has also strong relationships with research centers in Europe, and trade associations of A&D manufacturing sector.
Market Research reports Product --- Market Research reports 
 
   what it does ---- it helps in identifying key markets and their analysis 
 
  Customer ---- who is intrested in buying market research reports
Tech Developer for Space MiningProspect Dynamics is developing technology for space mining and related applications that will fill capability gaps in our customer’s current architectures and plans.   Within the industry, there is a surge of commercial development poised to displace the historical government-led approach to aerospace. Companies are addressing the challenges of lowering cost-to-orbit, making tourists astronauts, and are looking toward the inevitable mining of resources. We are developing the equipment necessary to enable that step forward.  Specific gaps in the industry’s capability to mine in space represent challenges outside the focus of the mainstream and are opportunities for a new entrant. We intend to capitalize by adapting off-the-shelf technologies in novel ways for leverage into this emerging market. The products we are developing will be key technologies in support of NASA’s proposed asteroid capture mission and the asteroid prospecting goals of private companies.
Lunar Energy for a Sustainable FutureProviding baseload 100% green renewable energy with patent
 pending technology.  Utility scale operations are more affordable than solar or wind, and cost competitive with nuclear.  
Lower-cost alternative to EMI Shielding Coatings
Grapheno is a compound of graphene and paint that functions as a conductive coating. Grapheno offers protection to sensitive electronics by absorbing unnecessary and harmful electromagnetic interferences (EMI). Electromagnetic interferences, whether man-made or natural, can cause damage to electronics, resulting in loss of data and interruption of the vital means of communication. The latest electronic products are protected by various methods, one of them being conductive coatings. The products that are currently used are expensive since they are based on precious metals like nickel, copper, and silver. On the other hand, Grapheno LLC provides a low-cost alternative by using graphene mass produced via a proprietary technology.
Security for the IoT
We're building security tools for the IoT. We split applications up into components and compartmentalise them to protect each part of the application from exploits.
Unmanned Systems and VehiclesModular control systems for unmanned vehicles successfully integrated and trialled in tracked and wheeled platforms from 20kg to 3500kg.  Design and build of tracked robotic platforms including IBEX, a 250kg tracked platform currently being used for autonomous agricultural trials (autonomous navigation, image recognition of weeds and subsequent precision spraying).  Consulting in unmanned vehicle operation and system design.
Advanced/Innovative Autonomous Underwater Vehicles - Military/Commercial AUVsHydroid is a field-proven technology leader in advanced marine robotics > Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs). We design and manufacture state-of-the-art solutions for use in a number of industry applications including marine research, commercial and defense.  Located in Pocasset, MA, Hydroid is a subsidiary of Kongsberg Maritime, the world’s most trusted manufacturer of advanced Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs). The REMUS, HUGIN and Seaglider AUVs provide innovative and reliable full-picture solutions.   Our AUVs have been involved with undersea mine countermeasures that have helped save lives by eliminating human divers from mine fields and have helped solve plane and ship disaster mysteries, including locating Air France Flight 447 wreckage and generating 3D mapping of the Titanic. Our vehicles offer scientists a new view on pressing global issues including climate change, the world’s declining fish population and environmental disasters.
Ultra-High-Bandwidth Drone TethersWe optimize the unlimited power an persistence on a tethered drone by offering a patent-pending ultra-high-bandwidth tether to move nearly unlimited amounts of data. We take what is almost useful (an industrial drone) and turn it into a powerful tool that actually makes a disruptive difference.This makes it possible to put a massively powerful sensor suite on a drone, fly it for weeks, and maximize cloud capacity to analyze a much bigger data set collected from the drone's vantage point. It also means we can put an ad hoc cell tower on a drone and serve thousands of people, vice current offerings that serve 100. Power line inspection on the move, mobile command posts with 400 ft faux towers, temporary cell towers that pack up in a trunk, and ad hoc WiFi or LTE service for 1000s of users anywhere people need it...   We are experts in RF engineering, Digital Signal Processing, Signals Analysis, Antenna Design, and Aerospace.
Highly vibration resistant fasteners that are fully reversible and reusableWe were a winner in the 2019 NASA iTech Cycle I competition and in a 2019 Shell Oil corporate challenge. Our fasteners are space certified by the engineers at NASA Marshall Space Flight Center. We are establishing new National Aerospace Standards with sponsorship from Bell Helicopter and Boeing Helicopter.  We are the premier leader of vibration resistant technology in the fastener industry. Our technology provides for the first permanently locking fastener that is reversible and reusable with standard tooling. Features of our technology allow for a very accurate pre-load (clamping force) determination, as well as a marked reduction in the time and cost of maintenance. In vibration testing our fasteners survived 300,000 cycles, which is 10x the aerospace requirement for a self-locking nut.  Enduralock's fasteners have survived 300,000 cycles of vibration, 10X the aerospace industry requirement.
Artificial Intelligence Planning Solutions
Software as a service for project planning. Project Cracker's software creates done-for-you Schedule Reviews and Analytics. Simply upload your schedule and let our AI and Intelligent tech generate automatic, advanced reviews and reports in a few clicks. Helping to protect you and your business - cut costs, grow your bottom line, and comply fully with DCMA, GAO, and EVM ANSI 748 standards.
Automated Generation of Engineering Drawings Vectra has developed and launched proprietary Software (Auto2D) which automates the Generation of Engineering Drawings for Mechanical Components & Assemblies.  Our USP is significantly Higher Quality, Lower Cost and Significantly Lower Turnaround Time compared with the current method of human designers manually creating drawings using CAD software.  Technology that is Faster, Cheaper and Better is Disruptive!    The annual Market exceeds $15B and currently every other player executes this process manually.  Our Software As A Service Model enables clients to deploy Auto2D with no Capital Expenditure
Build a prototype IronMan suit
SUITS is a program to build an Iron Man like suit. SUITS is targeting the military, police, emergency response personnel, and exploration. One of our suits would help to protect the wearer from shrapnel, local explosions, and knife/bullet attacks in the case of a military function. For police, the wearer would be protected from domestic attacks. Emergency personnel would be protected from fire, biohazards, etc. And in the case of exploration the suit would be water proof allowing for cave exploration and other dangerous areas of exploration.
Worlds first Interactive hydration system
The HydraCoach calculates your personal hydration needs, tracks your real-time fluid consumption, paces you throughout the day and motivates you to achieve and maintain optimal hydration. Our Doctors, Nutritionists and Fitness Trainers all recommend that we drink more water yet there has never been a device to help individuals adhere to the expert’s recommendations. The HydraCoach is the only product of its kind and a breakthrough in personal hydration monitoring.
SRP builds products to reduce the risks posed to fire, law, and military personnelThe Grab Harness is an innovative and revolutionary victim extrication tool designed to aid a rescuer in removing a victim from almost any threatening environment. The Grab Harness fits around the first responder’s waist, and when deployed, its straps are secured around the casualty’s torso, which allows the first responder to use their hands and body weight appropriately to negotiate obstacles in order to extract the casualty safely.  A law enforcement/military version fits into bullet-proof vests.  SRP’s competitive advantage is providing rescuers the ability to  negotiate obstacles while simultaneously extracting casualties.
Strategic Governance and Assurance Technology Our HawkEye compliance management software has been built to do great audits, first time, every time for ANY system (eg. OHS/WHS, ISO 9001, ISO 15189). It eliminates days of reporting work AND delivers easy data and trend analysis for better decision-making.   Customers - Organisations that need to demonstrate compliance against various laws, regulations and codes of practice (eg. health, safety, quality, security) and/or who have repeatable processes (eg. production, investigations) that require assurance.  Regulators offering self assessment tools to licensees (eg. Construction, Aged Care, Pharmacy).  Customers can spend 30% less time on audits leaving them more time to get on with their business. HawkEye gathers and store electronic evidence and data (e.g. photos, interviews, auditors' observations) and aggregates it quickly to produce sharp, clear, actionable findings that transform the burden of compliance into a strategic advantage, while demonstrating effective due diligence.
Leveraging Next Gen RF technologies
Software Defined Radio and its spin off products. IOT and sensor grids.
Guns + Video Games = EntertainmentOpenfireHD(tm) is an interactive video target system for the sport shooting, competition, law enforcement, and defense markets.  In a nutshell, our technology allows a user to interact with digital content using an unmodified weapon and projectile.  Think of OpenfireHD as a mobile ecosystem for interactive target content.  Not only can we challenge the shooter with interactive target content, we also capture all the data associated with the shooter's performance allowing us to provide unprecedented marketing data and reports to the shooting industry.   The system is currently being used in several beta ranges and customer feedback is positive because the system greatly enhances the shooting experience which drives ammo sales and range memberships.    OpenfireHD is a *truly* innovative, revolutionary and highly disruptive product in the shooting industry.  You can find videos of the system in action on our website or on Facebook: facebook.com/OpenfireSystems   
3D Printing ServicesWe plan to set up a 3D printing services bureau in Delhi NCR (India).  Primary applications lie in the Automotive (Prototyping), Medical (Surgical Guides, Prosthetic, Organ Models, Tumor Models, Moulds for Implants, etc.), Jewelry Sector (Casts for jewelry), Defence and generic usage across industries (Moulds and Jigs & Fixtures).  The Delhi NCR market has a great potential for 3D Printing in the above mentioned fields. Presently, most of the work is outsourced to bureaus based out of Mumbai and Bangalore making it a highly time consuming and costly process.  Proximity to customer shall enable us to better understand their requirements and provide cost effective and time efficient solutions. 
Advanced Vehicles and Engines for Space and FlightENGINES  PDHTF	Pulse Detonation Hi-Bypass Turbofan PDLTF	Pulse Detonation Low-Bypass Turbofan PDM	Pulse Detonation multi-cycle Turbofan Scramjet Rocket   Pulse detonation engines (PDEs) use a small chambered explosion of fuel to provide thrust rather than a continuous burn of fuel in a turbine.  The difference is in the speed.  The flame from the combustion of fuel in a turbine proceeds at subsonic speeds while the detonation of fuel in a PDE proceeds at supersonic speeds.   AVEI proprietary designs use unique multi-chambered designs to produce hybrids between PDEs and turbine technology.  This unique approach produces more power and greater fuel efficiency then current engine designs.  We believe that these PD turbines will revolutionize the aerospace engine industry.   Our PDM engine with the ARN (annular rocket nozzle) concept is for a new horizontal take-off and landing reusable launch vehicle to put satellites and humans in to orbit.
UAVs / Drones VTOL platformsLow/Medium Altitude Long Endurance Unmanned Aerial Vehicles/Systems.  Following the trend of dramatic shrinking of size and weight of most of the UAVs payloads and electronics, we identify the need for Affordable High Performance Safe and Reliable small UAVs.  Our solution building blocks: Small UAVs with state of the art performance, safety and reliability of big UAVs. • Optimal high lift low reynolds aerodynamics • Highly efficient composite structure • Smart system redundancy with modern avionics • Dual payload design to enhance mission performance • VTOL system kit, allows any field operation  Our competitive advantages: Reducing system footprint size while maintaining safety and reliability. • Enables our customers to invest in the top payloads existing • Dramatically reduces system’s lifetime logistic cost
Defend your family one child at a time
Pistol handling and firearm safety classes good for Ohio License to Carry a Concealed Handgun.
in line 3D inspection of mechanical partsNon-contact 3D dimensional inspection machines directly integrated in the manufacturing line to ensure 100% of production inspection. MS3D machines control large series of industrial parts dimensional conformity to specifications. It  inspects complex internal and external shapes within seconds and below µm accuracy with 365/24 reliability directly in the machine shop.  At this level of performances there is no alternative to MS3D machines: Speed (control in sec), accuracy (µm), reliability (working 365/24 without maintenance) robustness (integrated in the manufacturing line), flexibility (inspection of complete families of parts on the same machine without retooling nor downtime)  automation (fully automatic working and recalibration for every single part).
Launch Systems Company
Expendable launch vehicles and prototyping services for responsive space designed for the United States Departme﻿nt of Defense & US Commercial Space Market. This enables dedicated launch slots of nano-mini class satellites to space.
Proven advanced technologies ready for explosive growthParylene Coating Services - GAT offers the highest quality parylene coatings available in the market.  Conformal Coating Solutions - Our key strength is in parylene technologies including materials, process and equipment. In addition, GAT assists with alternate material selection, material compatibility, integration issues. Experts in materials and deposition processes – including CVD, ALD, PVD, plasma, and liquid coatings.  Coating Equipment Design and Manufacturing - GAT works with customers to develop viable production solutions.  Consulting Services, Sample E-runs - Including material analysis, IPC/MIL/ASTM standardized testing, reliability tests, failure analysis and more.  USA and Overseas Mass Production - ISO certified facilities to help customers transition to large volume production in USA and Asia.
India's Indigenously Designed Surveillance SystemsWe build high-end Electro-Optic surveillance systems for Strategic and Commercial buyers. These products are researched and proven at India's most discerning clients for land and aerospace applications. Our vision is to become a global leader in providing Security solutions to National & International Defence and Aerospace organizations. The company envisages to become a player of reckoning in Homeland security, Defense Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance & Machine Vision.  The Company is registered in Ahmedabad, Gujarat as a registered MSME engaged in the business of developing and providing breakthrough technology innovation solutions for various applications such as Electro-Optics, Camera, Electronic Hardware, Military and Defence, Optoelectronics, Airport Surveillance, Critical Asset Tracking, etc. Prototyping facility, R&D and Sales office is located in Bangalore. The company is currently raising funds for commercial production. 
Suborbital Rockets-  x- Armadillo Aerospace teamOut of the underpinnings of John Carmacks' highly successful Armadillo Aerospace and an Association with Martin Systems & Technologies comes EXOS Aerospace Systems & Technologies (hereafter EAST or EXOS). We reunited the team in 2015 to form a for-profit business to provide expedited suborbital flight capability furthering cancer and medical research and meeting industrial needs. We have sold our first flights and have MOU's for the Sale (Wet Lease) of two rockets.   As defined in the Tauri study, our customers need zero-g time for hundreds of research experiments as well as pre-qualification for the International Space Station. Our services can provide that to foreign and domestic entities for the growing (near 300) payloads we have confirmed through multiple agencies. Our Products include Suborbital Rockets, associated equipment sales, and services (Rapid Prototyping recognized by NASA) and devices designed for Navy Submarines
Drone detection, identification, and interception
DroneFox allows first responders to safely clear the skies of drones being used illegally.
3D Printer for Technical Ceramics and Advanced MaterialsHotEnd Works has developed a 3D printer, the HDfab system, which utilizes advanced materials such as advanced ceramics.  Advanced materials are used in a broad range of industries which include Consumer Products, Aerospace, Defense, Alternative Energy, Semiconductor, Automotive, and High Technology sectors.  The HDfab system utilizes a unique technology, Pressurized Spray Deposition (PSD), which is capable of producing high performance components.  This system can use a very wide range of materials, including customer-provided propreitary advanced materials which have a proven track record.  The HDfab fabrication times per part are reduced by 75% when compared to it's competitors because of the patent-pending fociJet nozzle design.  This nozzle design allows the size of the deposition pattern to be altered during the printing operation, such as reducing its size for fine features and enlarging the pattern to decrease component print time.
World's first Space Exploration crowdfunding, and investment platform.
highly dynamic ad-hoc mesh network
Highly effective and stable mesh network technology. No infrastructure required. Top level in secure communications with range and speed never before obtained in mesh networking. Voice, text, and multimedia capabilities faster than your cell phone.
Defense Contracting, R &D with innovations in each of our markets
Our experience in the DOD drives our services as a source of income to develop our innovation projects. Those ideas that you always say wow, "I bet given the right circumstances I could really run with this idea!" We are creating an atmosphere that breeds innovation and creativity. Currently we are working on a passion project of mine to help combat unemployment.
visualizing complex networksLinkSight Analyst allows the client/analyst to visually model complex networks (from concepts to programs, from markets to products) and with a single mouse click visualize aspects of the network and perform in-depth analysis of the network's nodes (concepts, products, people) and their relationships.  The product is at release 3.1 and is being used by the DoD for complex budgetary analysis.  Other target markets include competitive intelligence, and supply chain risk management.
Sensing and Using Unsean InfraredInfrared initiated technologies are the new paradigm whose time has come to penetrate all manner of markets and industries at a phenomenal rate meeting the demand for digital monitoring.  A technology which may provide the key to increasing efficiencies in present solar applications.  The market potential is in the billions but to achieve these lofty goals improvements must be made in the sensing materials thus allowing design and desired performance to be reached.    Advanced Integration's patented (presently 4 ) technology allows the design and required increase in  performances to take place.  The technology can be applied to either photoconductive or photovoltaic applications.  This has not been possible in the past and placed limitations on marketable applications.  It provides the necessary tools for Infrared Technologies to take a quantum leap both in performance, applications and sales.
Future ready InfrastructureSutech Solutions is a Company which specializes in CAD/CAM/CAE, AEC/BIM/IMM, GIS/GPS/VTS, FLM/PDS with a vision of “Designing the Future” by building Futuristic Concepts using Creative Thinking and Innovative Ideas blended with High End Technology. 
 
 In continuation with our specialized services we would like to introduce ourselves as INFRASTRUCTURE MODELING AND MANAGEMENT (IMM)/ BUILDING INFORMATION MODELING (BIM) Consultant / Service Providerwhich is one of its kind services in the world.It simply saves 20% on Construction cost, 45% on Design cycle time & 50 % on Interdepartmental site meetings and much more.
 
  Sutech provides services on Infrastructure Modeling and Management (IMM)/ Building Information Modeling (BIM) by integrating all the data (ground, underground and aboveground) into a single Comprehensive 3D platform. This enables you to Plan, Design, Construct, Manage and Maintain the entire project in a more streamlined and efficient way.
 

Transform how machines and humans interact and bridge the gap between muscle and motorIris Dynamics Ltd. is a privately-owned Canadian technology startup with headquarters on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. Iris has invented a process for magnetic force controlled actuator motors that improves the human-machine interface. This technology has been deployed in a diverse range of markets to help clients improve their processes that previously utilized low performance, less reliable, and more expensive technologies. The company is also using this technology to develop high performance stabilization platforms in several different client-led applications.  Iris sponsors advanced theoretical and applied electromagnetic research at two major Canadian universities. Applications for our technology include aircraft controls, flight simulation, remotely piloted vehicles, heavy equipment, submersibles, automotive, industrial automation, robotics, platform/sensor stabilization, and semiconductor manufacturing.  Iris Dynamics is actively seeking industry partners to advance this technology.
Energy where You need itThe Grid starts with you, in its use and deployment. A low profile quite generator at your home, business, government, local, state, and federal in your auto, along with the military applications, and NASA.   In the event of a natural disaster, My platform provides immediate power. Tornado, hurricanes and earthquakes victims that rocked Japan and Haiti the the MidWest.  It is a hybrib "next generation" wind generator.
Innovative and Flexible Battlefield Management SystemMobile solutions, focused on tactical safety and post-disaster management, based on Commercial Off-The-Shelf elements integrated with custom made software and dedicated communication hardware.
 The typical application is based on a hardened smartphone, a tactical software suite providing advanced mapping, navigation and targeting, and various wireless interfaces connecting the software to virtually any device available either on the battlefield or in disaster scenarios: radios, laser range finders, UAV/Drones video feed receivers and many other sensors.
 The value proposition is made unique by the system ability to work perfectly without any external pre-existent radio/cellular infrastructure, by an obsessive user-centered interaction design, by a core application conceived from scratch for smartphones/tablets, and by a very flexible external devices integration.
 The current architecture has been tested in the most demanding military environments.

"Next Generation Learning Strategies"NewPoint, a global training company with a strong client base and track record, is launching innovative digital tools for training in "high-risk" employment issues - Sexual Harassment/Assault, Equal Pay for Women, and Diversity/Inclusion/Implicit Bias. Tools include edgy, short, relevant, cartoon animations that appeal to the new workforce preferred learning style. Cost effective, simply distributed, essential training delivered to mobile devices. High profit margins from subscriptions, advertising, and sponsors.  JUST SAY MORE: Equal Pay Negotiating Digital Tool for Women. Market - working women.          QUICKPOINTS: Short digital training scenarios on “high-risk” issues. Market - corporations, Federal/State government, military, universities, associations            CONSENT REWIND: Cartoon animations on "Consent" for Sexual Assault Prevention. Market - colleges/universities/high schools            STOP: Step Up To STOP Sexual Assault: Market - military and colleges/universities     
3D on any screen no glassesVision III's mission is to continue to excel as the leading provider of parallax visualization (PV) technologies (v3®) and to make the v3 PV technologies ubiquitous in the current live-action production, post-production, and computer animation/gaming industries throughout the world.   vimeo.com/148021816         v3 506 (c) video   (1 min)  The Company’s strategy is to develop multiple revenue streams from its patented optical and imaging software tools focused initially on four high profile markets:   On-air TV promotions and programming Digital advertising (web, outdoor and TV) Image processing software tools (Defense, Medical & Scientific) Computer rendering engines (Games, Simulations and VR/AR)   In these markets the Company fills a need that cannot be met by existing technologies.   Our goal is to maximize the v3 brand over the next 2 to 3 years with the purpose of an exit strategy.   Examples of v3 are at:  youtu.be/qKKM-MxYOXU     vimeo.com/173969766  
Unique Custom Firearm Builder
Custom Firearm designer and builder. Take your existing firearm or any brand new firearm and integrate a unique trigger or barrel, any color or style. Why have the same firearm as anyone else? Make it your own firearm. From bolt- action to semi-auto rifles to shotguns and handguns. L&L Trading Company can make self-defense or hunting, individualized. We currently offer custom 7075 billet lower receivers and are in the process of including bolt-action rifles and semi-auto .308 rifles.
Firefighter Tracking BeaconWe can track packages around the world, cars on our freeways, even a golf ball on a golf course, but we can't track and locate our firefighters?
 
 Considered the 'Holy Grail' of the Public Safety Industry, we currently have no way to track our firefighters in a burning building.  We have been doing R&D for over 5-years and now have a working prototype.  We filed for a Patent in 2011.  The Patent was just awarded in September of 2013!
 
 With a working prototype and a Patent, we're looking for an Electronics Manufacturer to Partner with or an Angel Investor(s) to help bring this life-saving device to market.  There are other products that could be developed from this technology including Police, SWAT, Military, Coal Miners, etc.   
Treatment of Any Surface at Microscopic LevelMachine, chemical cocktails, and media to smooth metals, alloys, composites, fibers, etc. at the microscopic level.  Lengthen useful life, reduces heat emission, improve performances (e.g. double useful life of high friction mechanical parts, improve aircraft turbine fuel efficiency by 2%).  Applications: Aerospace-Defense, Medical Equipment/Prosthesis, Automotive, Tooling/Machining, semiconductors (conductivity and heat emission tests underway).  First vertical focus: Aerospace-Defense
Smart, collaborative, analytical, "SLACK" for the cyber security industryThousands of cyber security minded organizations are joining threat sharing communities to leverage advanced analytics and crowdsourced threat information. Our secure cloud based threat collaboration community platform automates the analysis of enterprise and community threats in real-time enabling a faster response to cyber threats. The next evolution in cyber security is more social, visual, smart, and easy to use than todays traditional platforms.  This allows analysts to communicate and coordinate threat analysis actions across the enterprise, community, and industry. The platform is modular so that the base capabilities apply to all organizations, and additional 3rd party modules for analysis, training, and advanced automation can be purchased. This approach keeps costs reasonable for all organizations while encouraging interoperability and collaboration. Community driven analytics coupled with machine learning capable platforms is threat analysis for the next generation. 
jet-pack like device While hosting several business segments, we are focusing on what will be the most profitable but also the most difficult to get off the ground, a jet-pack like device (doesn't use a jet propulsion system) that will compete with anything else on or near the market in price, flight time and decibel noise. We'll be marketing it to police and military units, search & rescue, businesses, thrill seekers and even as a daily commuter. Any further details will require an NDA. 
Tactical, Modern Survival TrainingHindsight 20/20 Firearms & Personal Defense Training, LLC isn’t your typical “Permit to Carry” training facility.  We offer so much more than any competitor in our market.  We are business and skilled professionals with a passion to serve our community by training those in it to protect themselves and their loved ones. As a provider of firearms and personal defense training, we take pride in offering the best training. We are dedicated to serving the needs of our customers each and every day. Our services are broad and more unique than any other “gun range” in Minnesota.  We offer state of the art indoor and outdoor shooting ranges, shoothouses, Trap Leagues, archery, survival courses, real terrain ranges....implementing a full outdoor experience for all ages and skill levels.
Cyber Security Risk Intelligence Platform & Reporting Service
CyberNSight - A Cyber Security and Threat Risk Platform based on Open System and Open Source components with our own researched and tested software and components that expand for many different implementations. VCISO - ZeroTouch drop in sensor to help SMBs, VIPs and anyone get better automated cyber threat and risk awareness and detection. CyBeVue - Smartphone Defense Platform detects and stops connections to drive by downloads and other threats and risks we find in near real time. Antivirus was the 1990s, now we have CyBeVue RIPE
Lauretta.io turns existing cameras into smart cameras to infer occupant activity, behavior
We allow facility owners, managers, and operators to understand incidents, predict future events and understand the root cause of the current affairs. We do this by turning 350 million close circuit cameras in the world in a unified smart camera system that can infer occupant activity, behavior, and intent through pattern of life analysis, allowing reaction in real-time. Actively deployed in four countries and surveying 90,000 square feet of real estate, Lauretta.io has resulting in a 30% decrease in property management costs, an 8% uptick in retail revenue and can even be used for realtime contact tracing of COVID19 patients.
next generation satellite communications
Questiny builds groundbreaking advance technologies for the satellite communications & simulations industry. We are a profitable mid-term start-up in San Francisco Peninsula with growing customer revenue stream and have unique capabilities in our market niche. We are currently in growth mode looking for exceptional people to join our team
High-tech eyes for drones VertigoFPV builds high-tech 3 axis stabilised gimbals with zoom capability for professional drone market.   Our clients are mainly operating in surveillance, inspection and military market.   The product helps saving lives of soldiers. It gives vision to drones operators beyond present possibility. Our clients can easily inspect regions of their interest saving drone battery and extending flight time.  Our products can detect trespassing incidents, and can monitor pipelines looking for mechanical defects. There are a lot of other potenial markets like agriculture, that may in future be profit from our equipment.  Vertigo gimbals have the best price to quality ratio, and are betterevery month as the technology development is our key focus.  As the technology beyond our equipment is one of the most sophisticated  developments in drone world we are ready for expansion to new opportunities in robotics world.
Geopolitical & Economic Forecasting
Godwin Research Group is a research and consultancy firm based out of the Toronto Area that primarily focuses on politics, defense & security, economics, and energy & technology. Three activities the firm is actively engaged in are: geopolitical risk reporting, international integrity investigation, and economic & market advisory. GRG creates routine reports analyzing important issues so that individuals, firms, and organizations can efficiently manage their assets to better position themselves in the global community. The firm has developed a successful method of accurately forecasting global trends.
Revolutionary Muzzle BrakesAs modern combat and competitive shooting develops, the need for increased firepower becomes more pressing. The capability to deliver quick and accurate follow up shots provide a significant advantage in these situations. For the competitor it can mean winning the competition, for soldiers or law enforcement officers it can be a matter of life or death.   For decades, shooters have tried to reduce recoil with a device called a muzzle brake, which reverses propellant gasses exiting the barrel.  It acts much like a thrust reverser on a landing airplane.  These brakes are effective at reducing recoil up to about one-third, but due to physical limitations have plateaued in effectiveness.  The DB Arms brake uses patent pending technology to drastically increase the usable energy in the propellant gasses.  Our first prototypes has doubled the effectiveness of industry leading brakes.  With a little time and funding we can develop a product that potentially eliminates recoil in small arms.
innovative, revolutionary,unique
The product we developed is an innovative GPS Localizator, made by Graphene, with high technology. It has 7 cm lenght and 1/10 of mm thickness, an atomic dimension. We will produce in SAMSUNG factories in Korea, and will use SAMSUNG satellite system worldwide. Is selfpowered, no battery, resitent 700 mt deep water and 1400 degree temperature.It will have thousand of utilities, as CAR localizzator, bike, precious goods, military, kids controll, aircraft....infinite use. Does not exist anything like this The product has patente registred
Accelerator for the United States GovernmentVelociter is an accelerator that aims to eliminate the bureaucratic friction companies face when trying to work with the federal government. Through our intensive acceleration program we have developed a curriculum that provides our portfolio companies with access to subject matter experts in the areas of government contracting, business development, marketing, intellectual property, lean entrepreneurship, technology/product development and private and public capital sources. The Velociter program is currently being offered free of charge to accepted companies however acceptance into the program is highly competitive.   Our 2016 class of portfolio companies represented 366 patents and obtained more than $89 million in funding.   velociter.tech
Quantum AI ShieldWe are creating an AI Shielding System which consists of a Quantum Firewall and complementing AI Anti-Virus system using entanglement, encapsulation, and virtualization in simulated environments with real-time bridging access for the operation and/or training of robotic and/or autonomous systems via the Kontrol of Kontained AI systems with augmentation from our AVISC system which is a distributed computing style emulation system made of thousands and more of our users devices emulating virtualized devices that are required for our simulations to run.  The Nanocheeze  MEQUAVIS Multiverse Emulation of Quantum Universes within Abstract Virtualized Iterated Simulations  We are an NVIDIA Inception project
Left Handed Integrated Non-reciprocating Charging Handle (LINCH covers)THE LEFT HANDED INTERGRADED NON-RECIPROCATING CHARGING HANDLE IS DESIGNED AS A DROP-IN APPLICATION FOR THE KALASHNIKOV RIFLE. THIS IS THE MOST ABONDANT RIFLE IN THE WORLD. THIS CHARGING HANDLE/COVER REQUIRES NO MODIFICATIONS TO THE WEAPON SYSTEM. WHEN INSTALLED A PRIMARY AND ALTERNATE MEANS OF OPERATING THE BOLT CARRIER WILL BE ESTABLISHED. THE CHARGING HANDLE IS NON-RECIPROCATING DURING FIRING. ANY MODIFIED FN-FAL CHARGING HANDLE CAN BE USED.  THIS PRODUCT WILL WORK WITH ALL CALIBERS. THE LINCH COVER WAS DESIGNED TO WORK WITH ANY LENGTH KALASHNIKOV COVER. lastroundholdopenak47.com/files/tech-specs.pdf   With the high demand on FAL charging handles and the current prices on the parts, we are looking into tooling the components for the LINCH covers. All the casting will be created here in the U.S.. The casting molds will allow the left side folding stock options. This effort is vital to keeping this product on the market and to bring the very best quality to the customers. 
Smart phone based nuclear, chemical, and biological detectionSince the terrorist attack associated with September 11, 2001 the United States and other Governments world-wide have undertaken several initiatives to safeguard the society and cities from the release of nuclear, biological, and chemical threat agents and other related threats.    This company shall create products based on the Purdue Research Foundation (PRF), Purdue University patented technology U. S. 7,994,926 B2 for nuclear and radiation contraband initially and other applications for chemical and biological for future developments.  The initial products are to be smart phone based with Software-as-a-Service, SaaS.  The firm shall develop technologies for nuclear contraband and radiation,chemical, and biological detection, information storage and transmission, hardware and software, and the required end user systems.    The end results of these product developments shall be multiple consumer, commercial, and Government products in the United States with world-wide implications.
Manufacturing Automation PlatformOur platform offers a comprehensive modular solution that covers many challenges facing manufacturing operations.  Our solution provides systems for MES (manufacturing execution system), CRM, ERP (enterprise resource planning), accounting, HR (human resources), QA (Quality Assurance),  logistics, inventory management, material management, tool management, machine management, BI (business intelligence), and more.    Our platform is based on real time awareness, monitoring, and notification of the entire operation.  This system is fully configurable so that necessary information is known by team members as operations start, occur, and complete.
Video and Data recordersWe pioneered the rugged solid state video recorder back in 2004.  We have over 8000 units in the field. Our latest product combines video with data recording, such as GPS location, speed, gforces, and more. Our customers include the US Army, Navy, FBI, NASA, Disney, Formula 1 racing, and much more.  We have some potential markets and have been receiving some requests for quotes for enhanced products, but we need funds to develop for them.   The potential markets are huge. 
Solid contract opportunity with a client in the Aersspace industry
Government & Defense
India's Top Solar and Wind Turbine  Manufacturing cum R&D Company  IYSERT a world class R&D and Manufacturing startup, located in Rajasthan India and branched out in major cities of India • Manufacturer of Portable Solar Based Technology Including Inbuilt Street Light, Off Grid Power Technology • Micro -Vertical Axis Wind Turbines Technologies ranges from (300 Watt to 50 Kw ) • Bio Waste to Energy Technology- Bio Gas Battery Generator (Energy Generation from Kitchen Waste & Bio -manure )  IYSERT Research Lab-X is premier state of an art Research and development facility in Jaipur ( Rajasthan ) India , R& D divison of M/S IYSERT ENERGY RESEARCH PRIVATE LIMITED with ISO 9001: 2015 Certified , NSIC Approved , NABL Approved , DSIR Approved ( on Process )
Wearables that serve information on tactile sensory channelElitac’s intelligent wearables provide information to persons in complex sensory environments, through the tactile sensory channel, to help them increase their impact.  Markets: Safety and Defence, Virtual and augmented reality, Road navigation  Our wearables are a means of feedback to the user, not only sensors.  1. A personal and discrete information channel; 2. To keep eyes, ears and hands free; 3. Lowering cognitive load (intuitive perception).  We have multiple patents pending on our technology to use it in the real world: 1. Wire free and waterproof integration in textile, which makes it durable; 2. Stretchable and bendable, which makes it comfortable to wear.  Elitac has an excellent development and project team. Funds in hand cover planned R&D activities. We seek to expand our team, to support the transition from R&D towards a B2B business to generate growth.  Investors with experience and business networks in international safety and defence markets are preferred.
Transform Data into InformationActive Intelligence is powerful next generation Business Intelligence solution which enable users from open source BIRT and Jasper Report community to create new or upload their existing reports onto Active Intelligence Server (AIS) for secure Sharing and Scheduling to make system automation.  AIS comes with Data Visualization capabilities enabling users to create custom visualization on fly with less dependency on IT, powerful Analytic help decision makers to analyze data how they wants it using drag and drop interface and also AIS comes with Ad-hoc reporting capabilities which means reports can be created on fly, on-demand.  AIS is featured rich solution and has to offer lot more than any traditional BI solutions, it is secure, scalable, simple to use and yet affordable.
High Quality Instruments for Green Plating Greenotronix currently has 2 range of products:  1. Customised Programmable plating rectifier  2. Dynamic Plating System  We use organic electrolytes for plating that makes the process green. The plating rectifier is 5x corrosion resistant due to grain size reduction process. The opportunities are endless and has huge potential in the field of aerospace, defence, automotive, MEMS, nanotechnology, research labs and so on. 
Purpose TechnologiesScigenity Technologies is a unique start-up that provides a variety of products and services for individuals and corporations, designed, in a nutshell to make life safer and easier. The company develops cutting edge devices, components and software that will change the face of technology over the next decade. Scigenity aims to become a pillar in communities throughout the world, supporting the executive branch of government, law enforcement, the judicial system and healthcare, through both future partnerships as well as existing relationships.  The core mission of Scigenity is to provide peace of mind for families, individuals and corporations through technological advancements. The company is dedicated to meeting the needs of people worldwide by developing emergency technology, increased accountability, and streamlining cellular and mobile communication. Scigenity will be the face of security by providing technical solutions to complex problems. 
Glass Aspherical LensAspherical lenses are applied to various imaging applications in industries such as: life science, medical, defense, cameras, scopes, for a wide angle field view. Aspherical lenses replace the need for cementing two lenses together (doublets) eliminating aberration and distortion. 
 Currently, we are focusing our aspherical lenses on customer based applications laser probes for wind measurements, diagnostic detection for glaucoma, shock wave and high pressure research, nanotechnology, deep sea exploration and astronomy.
 The silver bullet for countering aerial threatsThe DroneBullet is the silver bullet for countering the threat posed by hostile small Unmanned Aerial Systems (sUAS) and incendiary kites and balloons.  Designed to be portable, deadly, and cost-effective, the DroneBullet is a fully autonomous quadcopter using machine vision to detect and eliminate aerial threats. 
TrExS True Exercise Shoes: real workout, compete w/Instability toneup, appeal to all ages
TrExShoe&soles: multilevel workouts from three Pat Pend technologies. From each, additional muscle contraction when walking/jogging, vs sneakers. Appeals: kids & grandparents & soldiers, each @ own level. No Instability. No fear of falling. No impeding sprints. Will capture percentage of known $2B toneshoes. Made in USA. Pre-prototypes have proven principles. Now: need prototypes for third party validation. Prognosis $80M business/year 3. Mg't team: senior Mkg & Mfg & QC from shoes industry.
Provider of Tactical Ground Robotics Systems
Our team of highly experienced veterans lead the design, development, production and delivery of high performance tactical ground robots to reliably support our troops and keep them safe.
Detect otherwise undetectable things
+ Quantum Ambiguity Sensor + Planck Quantum Transistor + GyroPEAtron microwave drive + Mind Sampler
Your devices reimagined
SpectroSmart watch is the world's first smartwatch with a spectrophotometer incorporated in it. It scans the spectrum of solids/liquids to get information of processing and adulterants. Equipped with a heart rate sensor and pulse oxygenation, keeping track of fitness is easy as ever. It gives the user an easy interface and convenience.
From Space Rockets to Fastest Racing Cars on Earth  2400% Growth in 3 years Manufacturer of gears and precision machined parts for aerospace, defense and high end racing.  Customers: SpaceX, Bell Helicopter, Rolls Royce, United Technologies, Northrop Grumman, ViaSat, Robinson Helicopters  NASCAR: Stewart Haas, Hendrick, Penske, Roush, RCR F1: McLaren  CEO was janitor at gear manufacturing company!!    Aerospace Engineers are designing more and more precision and efficient gears and parts-very few companies have expertise and latest equipment to make them-that is where we differentiate.  Top aerospace and defense companies/organizations are knocking our doors.  We have succeeded in making gears and parts where 100 plus year company failed.  Testimony from NASCAR Team: "In my 22 years of gear building, these Rave Gears are the finest gear sets I have ever set up.  Better yet, made right in Texas, U.S.A."  "Just wanted to pass along a congratulations for the Cup win at Michigan! Joey ran a great race and showed a lot of speed leading 138 of 200 laps."
Mechanical Engineering CAE/FEA Consultancy / TrainingEleno Energy is a services wing of Eleno Group with a dynamic, multifunctional and highly educated team based in Pune, India  Vision of the company is to provide comprehensive engineering services with reliable and cost effective solutions  Having expertise in Machine Tool, Defense and Automotive domain, ELENO offers Computer Aided Engineering (CAE) services and solutions for industry  Electrical and Mechanical System Design for Defense and General Engineering Industry using Multi-physics solvers such as LS Dyna and Hypermesh   Expert in High Explosive material and machinery testing in virtual environment using advance CAE technique. 
Body sensing devices with a difference
Bodytrak® is unique. It exploits the only body site from which all vital signs can be measured. From one small non-invasive, in-ear device, metrics including core body temperature, heart rate, VO2 and motion (speed, distance, cadence) are sent wirelessly to the user in real-time via a smart phone, smart watch or internet hub. By utilising miniature components, Bodytrak® also provides two-way communications, music playback and ambient sound transparency to meet the different needs of the sport, defence and telehealth markets. Since Bodytrak® accesses the ear, it detects changes in body physiology rapidly and accurately due to its close proximity to the brain, more effectively than some competing devices which measure at the periphery of the body.
Luxury entertainment and personal aerial transportation
JETCORE Jet-Suit is first in the world jet propulsion system that allows you to experience pure human flight not only in a hover mode but conventionally as well. As its not a jet pack that has one direction from the center line of human body, jet suit engulfs human pilot into becoming a one lifting body similar to the essence of wingsuit flying but only powered by jet propulsion in order to attain vertical take off, as of that transition to horizontal flight prolongs the duration of flight itself as less power is required to sustain horizontal flight than vertical and giving more time to experience flight itself.
Amarel offers its clients tailor-made professional services
Amarel Company has been providing professional services to manufacturing industries in Israel and around the world since 2004. The Company provides complementary services in various professional fields, such as Engineering Documentation, Maintenance, Technical Writing, Training Development, Training and Implementation and Project Management.
Direct Hire Placement of Technical and Professional Talent
Direct Hire Talent Search and Job Placement.
Next Generation Electronics Design - Innovation by Design Escudo Industries Inc is a dynamic startup with more than 25-years experience in Electronics Design.  Escudo's design team has the capability of Designing Next Generation systems utilizing today's technologies to achieve your desired results (Conceptualization, Implementation, Design Verification, Testing, Regulatory and Product Roll-Out).  We've designed Power Conversion products and systems for some of the worlds top company's: Schneider-Electric, Toyota, GM, Plug Power, Cellex Power, Bosch - Home Security Division.    We've also developed some latest technology Medical Devices for measuring patient Vitals.    Our knowledge and Expertise ensures that we can work with you to conceptualize your design, Ensure it meets and exceeds your expectations.   Our working Knowledge of the regulatory requirements ensures that when we design your product, we are designing to those standards so as to minimize failures.  UL, Mil_Spec, CSA, IEC, CE, DNV, Lloyds.     
Global Electric Vehicle Drive-Train Developers
Electric Vehicle Traction motors, Electric Drive Inverters, Battery Management Systems and Lithium based cells.
Recognized leader in tactical computing and communications systemsOur customer base is the military.  Historically, our products have been geared towards the dismounted Operator.  We are currently expanding our focus to include other markets within the military including aircraft computing solutions.  Every product that we design has to be built for rugged environments and pass the stringent military requirements for EMI.
Intelligent equipments dedicated to Drones & RoboticsOur first product, PULSIT, is a smart glove that allows anyone to control 80% of drones in less than 10 minutes garanteed.  With great precision and incredible flight sensations as your hand becomes the drone. Once tried, you'll never get back to old radiocontrollers. PULSIT is a real disruption in the controller market since 50 years, thanks to state-of-the-art sensors, patent pending technology, and "Pulsit Radio Connect" software technology.  We are begining with B2B sales, as drone training schools are very interested in a better and easier way to pilot drones. Military and intervention forces (firemen, police) are currently bêta-testing our product and it's very promising.  WePULSIT has been selected and is now incubated in two of french Top 3 Incubators (Ecole Polytechnique and Agoranov/Telecom Paris). 5 products have been sold in July 2017, clients are fully amazed.  We are currently seed funding, if you are interested be sure to reach us at : contact@wepulsit.com 
Lyfecicle Management Software Products based on innovative concepts
A Lyfecicle Management Software Product focused on logistics and Configuration Management for large enterprises. It 's based on innovative concepts over military standards and aims to meet the market needs about the issues of quality, productivity and collaborative working.
World Class QualityThe most popular weapon systems made to the highest standards. UDMC has been proven in battle and in competition throughout SE Asia and is looking to join the world's  firearm manufacturers here in America.  UDMC  is 100% Filipino  owned and would like to make the same commitment here in America with it's US base being 100% American made and made in the US with all product components made in house or sourced from American companies such as Bergara USA; Known for peerless barrels and their blanks are exclusively by UDMC now in the Philippines. UDMC produces top quality 1911 pistols and AR platforms in both 5.56 and 7.62mm calibers. These rifles come in the traditional gas impingement or piston driven actions. A reliable piston design was needed by NAVSOG for waterborne ops and UDMC (the former importer of LWRC) delivered one of the industries most reliable piston driven rifles. Competitions held in SE Asia among her armed forces highlights the UDMC as a world class manufacturer. 
2 decades old strong company in Specialised Footwear
We produce Industrial Safety Shoes for men and Women working all kinds of Hazardous conditions .Our Safety Shoes meet all safety Standards of National And International.They are very light,aesthetic,comfortable and durable.Our Security Boots are made for Jungle ,Tactical and Athletic Needs of Military,Para Military and Security Agencies including Police,
Better control, comfort, durable 100% skin safe silicone, stretch mesh reinforced. Gun grip covers. Better control, Reduces Grip Fatigue, Lowers Recoil Impact. Comfortable Concealment. Great for military, Leo, shooting sports, and home defense 
Hi-Tech Electronics Reseller
Rugged PCs, tablets and handhelds Microwave Sub-Systems & Systems Electronic boards
Highlight your performancesSport events are reaching the age of STADIUM 2.0  With WALICOM products, no more frustration from ephemeral, partial and occasional sport feat!     Imagine yourself...looking at freestyle jumps, and in real time visualize on your laptop, mobile, tablet the video augmented with information on performance, number of laps…jump heights, speed… and trace the trajectory. Innovation is in the overlay video information follows the player on its trajectory with precise geo-positioning (<10cm).  The magic is in Correlated Data Fusion Augmented Reality merging video stream with data collected on players thought their wearable device. Information enriches your visual perception and enable potential comparison…with the community…The automatic generation of data nourish playful interactivity to viewers.  Thanks to WALICOM, from Spectators to… Spectacle Actors.   Targeted clients are:  -B2B: professional coach, events agencies, TV broadcast -B2C: event spectators, sport social networks
Innovation in In-Memory computing technology
ADS  - Application Data Services - Midleware Speeds up application data processing 8000 times compared to DBs - reducing costs of resources Speeds up application development time 3 times - reducing costs of development Structures, and simplifies software architecture FastMemAPi.com
Securing people through advanced technologyOperating in the aerospace, defense, and security sector, Terma supports customers and partners all over the world. With more than 1,400 committed employees worldwide, we develop and manufacture mission-critical products and solutions that meet our customers’ needs and requirements.  Terma provides mission critical solutions for the defense and aerospace industry. We are guided by one overall purpose: to deliver security for countries, alliances, and individuals. Security is a means to maintaining and developing prosperity and protecting human lives and sovereignty.  We operate in a variety of areas, but security is always the key. We deliver advanced technologies to keep people safe, both in peaceful times and in times of conflict. Our systems provide security for people on land, at sea, and in the air. In space, we are engaged in reaching new frontiers and enabling people on our planet to deal with new and future challenges.
DOD IT consulting company TACTEC Global LLC is a veteran owned Information Technology consulting firm that is committed to delivering  a superior customer experience and tremendous value for our customers.  We pride ourselves on delivering all work on-time and on-budget. 334 — Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing/334220 — Radio and       Television Broadcasting and Wireless Communications Equipment Manufacturing 517 — Telecommunications/517410 — Satellite Telecommunications 517 — Telecommunications/517919 — All Other Telecommunications 519 — Other Information Services/519190 — All Other Information Services 541 — Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services/541519 — Other Computer Related Services 541 — Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services/541690 — Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services 541 — Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services/541712 — Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology)
For a safer world!
Control Centers for Public Security and Transportation
Energy storage developed directly on a copper wiresThe Cable Based Super Capacitor (CSC) can simultaneously store and transport electricity on a copper wire by using nano-whiskers (hair like structures) that can be grown chemically. This is a simple nanotechnology that has the potential for continuous mass production thus making the CSC one of the lightest, most affordable, and high performance options for energy storage.  The CSC can be used to help commercialize emerging technologies (such as advanced warfare products) as well as provides economic advantages the case of electric/hybrid vehicles and renewable energy sources.   For military, the CSC can reduce the amount of battery weight a solider carries increasing their agility, performance, and self-sufficiency. For wind turbines the CSC can combine the copper wires used for distribution and the capacitors used to filter the source. This not only reduces the BOM and shipping costs but also better distributes heat through the turbine's tower. 
Tooling systems for Rockets are incredibly complex and expensive. We have a solution that dramatically reduces NRE and lead time for the manufacturing of Launch Vehicles. Our Modular Tooling Systems for both the private and public space industries have a documented history of high positive impact.   The applications of this patented technology are not limited to space, our system could potentially be used for manufacturing of aircraft, ships and other large products. In addition to this we have plans to modify and optimize our designs for other industries and applications.  Due to the nature of our work and product, we are not able to post many details of the companies products and applications. However, if you are interested please feel free to inquire.  Kit Carson President, Founder
Mechanical Engineering specializing in Composites
Shown is a very small sampling of Carson & Associates work.
Security & DefenseThe most robust cybersecurity technology to monitor brand threats, intellectual property infringements, and data breaches.  
Convenience and Accessibility
A simple but yet powerful SaaS application that empowers SMEs with the infra and applications needed to run and manage their business.
Cleans,sanitizes and dries any protective helmet
Our unique system cleans sanitizes and deodorizes almost any protective helmet that has a lining or padding. The cleaning solution is packaged in either 8oz or 16oz aluminum cans with a proprietary attachment method. The liquid is formulated to remove sweat, oils and bacteria from deep within the lining, padding and the shell of the helmets interior. Once the drying cycle begins the liquid cleaning solution evaporates and we are left with a fresh clean helmet, odorless and dry.
Technology that change the world future is Data-Techhnology
Our Solutions & Services: - 1. radar Solutions 2. Avionics 3. Radio Communication 4. surveillance System Solutions 5. Tactical Communications 6. SATCOM Solutions 7. System Integration 8. Cyber Services 9. Air Traffic Management 10. Preventive and corrective Plan Program
Manufacturer of Electronics Components
Inductors, Ferrite Beads, Common Mode Chokes, Connectors, Switches, Transformers and many more
A leader in Geospatial, IT and Program Management services
Innovation is the core of excellence. Since being founded in 2005 by owner Daniel Boshell, XTS has a been providing our customers the highest quality of resources and results spanning Forward Support GEOINT Analysis, Agile Software Development for Cloud applications, and Enterprise Facilitation Support. Here at XTS, we believe in our core values Customer Service, Integrity, Innovation, and Safety. XTS is ISO 9001 certified, holds a TS/SCI facility clearance, and Afghan Business License.
Voodoo Tactical is Australia's leading supplier of military clothingTactical Packs, Hunting Packs, Tactical Gear, Military Bags, Tactical Supplies, Tactical Equipment, Army Packs, Drag Bags, Long Range Shooting Mat      
The World in a Script
Combination of robotics (hardware), security, AI, and data.
Clean Comedy For The Whole FamilyThe Church of Ha - Ministry of Laughter is a non-denominational congregation celebrating our relationship to our higher power through the gift of humor and aughter.   Our goal is to create in environment of fun, healing and laughter with a spiritual undertone. Basically, we're creating a home for cleaner based comedy, humor, entertainment and enlightenment.  Although, it is predominantly stand up comedy, we produce TV and Film projects that are fun for the entire family without being vulgar many with a spiritual undertone.    Our philosophy is "Dirty jokes are like jalapeños, most people don't mind one or two but nobody wants a jalapeño milkshake."
Military-grade solutions to protect critical infrastructure
HiveDefense is an evolving swarm of self-learning bots that collaborate with blockchain to sense and respond to real-time threats to digital and physical infrastructure.
Software Engineering for Mission Critical Project
MOJA supports the U.S. intelligence community and national level decision-makers.
Visual collaboration without the hassle. Save and share any dry-erase whiteboardKaptivo is bringing visual collaboration to the modern enterprise and education system.   Traditional whiteboards are a time-tested method of collaboration and communication. They  are immediate, convenient, and flexible tools that enrich discussion and improve productivity. Presently, there is no easy or cost-effective way to seamlessly transform the traditional whiteboard, which you can buy in any store, to a digital collaboration tool complete with video conference integrations, live-streaming, and saving of every whiteboard image.   The Kaptivo device sits above a whiteboard and automatically captures vibrant, colorful images of important content without the distraction glare and people. 
A Revolution in Affordable Security StructuresThe MMC-3 wall panels are the most cost effective wall systems to protect people and infrastructure. They guard against ballistic, blast and forced entry attacks. With MSE, we provide the elements to create complete security structures without the need for expensive security integration experts. Our listed triple threat performance is supported by the entire system.  Ballistic: UL752 Level-8 (7.62mm Ri e Lead Core Full Metal Copper Jacket)  Forced Entry: 15 min in 4 location, 5 men attack team Blast: 13 PSI or 90 kPa  Each 4m x 4m MSE unit consists of only 4 standard components which connect to each-other like a LEGO set. We use FRBP (Fiber Reinforced Ballistic Polymer) for 95% of the frame structure. This corrosion free material is as strong as steel and three times lighter. The entire MSE unit can be assembled and disassembled in less than two hours by disconnecting our unique internal fastening system. To create larger structures, MSE units can be stacked in all 3 directions. 
Collimated VR/AR 200 deg HFOV Head Mounted Display
The product is a novel optical module that, at least in principle, can be used by other VR/AR Head Mounted Displays to achieve 200 deg HFOV. The module takes advantage of a collimation technique that does not contain any lenses. The concept holds 4 patents.
Global Contract Engineering & Manufacturing Services
Advanced Engineering & Manufacturing Solutions
Document collaboration for large teams
MoltoDS is SaaS document collaboration platform for large teams working on highly technical documents.
We protect people
We are leaders in automated video surveillance for the public safety and security of critical infrastructure. Specifically, we automate the detection of weapons, disturbances and suspicious behaviours within streaming video, to create a 'force multiplier' for security personnel.
Space to Fastest Racing Cars on Earth Manufacturing: 2100% Growth in 4 years Manufacturing for Aerospace, Defense, Racing (NASCAR, F1 ..): Gears and precision machined parts.  Our customers include:  SpaceX, Bell Helicopter, United Technologies, Rolls Royce, Northrop Grumman  NASCAR: Stewart Haas, Hendricks, Penske, Roush, RCR and F1: McLaren (UK) Teams  2400% Growth in 3 Years
Aerospace / Defense Parts Manufacturing, R&DDyad Motor Works is an innovative company that focuses on heavy equipment defense parts and components; as well as, aerospace parts manufacturing and development.  We specialize in supplying obsolete parts that are hard to find while viewing the parts with an eye towards advancement of design, material selection or processing methods.  In an environment with rapid development of new technologies, but slow integration of new products, it is important to maintain existing supply and work development in a practical manor.    Product enhancement and upgrading should not require over inflated budgets and overly extensive development cost and time.  Careful testing and measured integration can co-exist with traditional production supply and maintenance.     
Video Management and Distribution Technologies
Haivision provides end-to-end video streaming solutions for encoding, recording, managing, publishing and distributing secure video content.
Covert Military Asset TrackingThe TriGGR system is a range of bespoke miniature tracking solutions designed to remain undetected and operational when tracking military grade assets.   The series of trackers all incorporate multiple radio systems ranging from GPS to Wifi in order to provide the highest accuracy and best possible recovery rate.  The form factors vary considerably depending upon the host asset however, small size and robust design are common throughout the entire range.
The US Dept of Defense's easy front door for startupsDIUx is a special arm of the US DOD, reporting directly to the Secretary of Defense. DIUx is a bridge between the private innovation world and the public defense world. Our mission is to make it exponentially easier for startups to work with the DOD (and visa versa), from painless customer feedback to rapid contracts for testing and procurement.   Launched in 2016, we've already funded dozens of companies. Average time from first meeting to closing a simple contract is weeks/months, not years.    We publish the kinds of projects we're looking for on our website, or you can tell us what you're working on and we'll let you know if it's a fit.  
Federal Contract Bidding
Varies types of technology related items from servers, desktop computers, laptops, firewalls, switches and other type of networking devices and equipment. These are all for the United States Federal government as they have very large request open for purchase.
High-end solutionsNiord Vendia Consulting is a company focusing on assisting small and medium sized B2B companies and government agencies. The company runs 3 business areas:   Business Area 1 prepares up-and-coming as well as experienced companies commercially and technically in doing business in the military domain B2G and B2B.  Business Area 2 focuses on representing international defence companies in Denmark and Scandinavia. Moreover, B2B partnering in specific business cases and consortium's.  Business Area 3 provides Black Box solutions and consultancy in the field of communications and surveillance solutions (Sea, Air, Land, Space). This business area only addresses security cleared customers.   The company staff consists of 8 people each with an updated comprehensive operational military background. All staff members hold various military degrees and some with academic degrees from MBA to M.Sc. in Computer Science.  Trust, Loyalty, and Integrity are key values for the company.
Our mission is to design and develop custom engineered AI solutions
Our mission is to design and develop custom engineered software solutions to deliver new capabilities using machine learning and artificial intelligence.
Employees serve on the forefront of our nation’s access to space and defense of our nation
Range Generation Next LLC (RGNext) is a joint venture of Raytheon Company and General Dynamics Information Technology (IT) that provides our customers with excellence in range services. Our world-class workforce provides expertise in technical services, engineering, communications, meteorological services, systems operations, maintenance and sustainment, ballistic missile, guided weapon and aeronautical tests and evaluations, cybersecurity, information technology, logistics and many other strategic and specialized business functions.
FPGA Development for the Embedded World. Embedding Technology. Expanding the Future
At Logic Fruit, we specialize in Architecting, Implementing and Validation high-quality real-time high throughput FPGA/SoC embedded solutions. Developing Proof-of-concept (PoC) designs/prototypes real-time data generation, acquisition and analysis. Our engineers have expertise with many high speed protocols and interfaces, including 1G, /10G/40G/100G Ethernet, PCIe(Gen1-Gen5), USB3.0/4.0, CPRI/ORAN, DisplayPort, ARINC818 etc. The team also has deep expertise in Signal processing for wireless and Imaging based solution development. software-defined radio (SDR), as well as encryption, protocol compliance, signal generation, data analysis, IoT technology, and multiple image processing techniques.
Online Course for Women Losing Fear Gaining Confidence through Empowered FreedomOur new online course for women provides extensive interaction helps for developing their own personal protection strategies for home, workplace, driving, shopping and even dating and/or mingling in gatherings where narcissistic or psychopathic personalities prey.  Our customer is every lady who simply desires to enjoy life with fulfilled relationships and wholesome families.  Our ladies are high quality, ambitious, successful women who may be targeted for their generosity and kindness.  Our new product repackages our former persona of Moms & Guns at facebook.com/momsandguns with over 109k fans reaching 1.2 million. By fine tuning our purpose & goals we feel we can reach a class of women online to overcome time constraints helping her as a whole person in this area of personal safety. 
Cyber Security Professional Services & TrainingCyber Governance Cyber Risk  Advisory Services Training Military | National & Homeland Security Designs  Design Services Custom Development
NP org that supports military siginificant others at military installations
We create partnerships with companies like Uber, Hilton, Airbnb and PCS Grades to name a few that provide discounts and prizes for our members. In addition to that, we create team building events to bring the significant others out of their homes and create real relationships outside of social media to start connecting in person again. We do National Free Hugs Day, work with NFL, NHL and Baseball teams, Los Angeles producers for shows, volunteer within the community and do an annual ball gown drives.
Metal Manufacturer for Electronics & Aerospace industry
Precision sheet metal and machining job shop
We build next-generation defense systems to address 21st century threats
Our team combines seasoned aerospace engineering talent and Special Operations combat veterans to address 21st century threats. We embrace the best practices from Silicon Valley innovation such as agile development and deliver breakthroughs in high-power microwave for offensive and defensive EMP and artificial intelligence for enhanced targeting capabilities.
Unstructured data insights through artificial intelligenceAt Spotlight Data we aim to shine a light on structured and unstructured data across organisations. We develop enterprise ready systems that make sense of data, and provide meaningful insights to help improve decision making. Our Nanowire AI platform is split into two components: a modern, user friendly web panel and a scalable pipeline that processes the files. The interface can be used by non-technical staff, and so it can be used by anyone within a business both quickly and efficiently.  Methods we use include Natural Language Processing, machine learning, and clustering - to provide insights into files and documents across large document corpuses, social media, and cloud services. The system can scale to millions of files, and is designed to aid search, understanding, and improve decision making.  As well as file based data we also gather and process streams of data from hardware devices and sensors. Insights such as pattern recognition and anomalies can be found and visualised in meaningful ways ie. heat-maps onto an irregular 3D surface.  We would like to work with more organisations who need to understand the data they hold, and want to expand the system’s capabilities in new and exciting ways. We are interested in partnering with companies, organisations or startups who have novel ideas we can evolve and incorporate into the system.  Areas of interest include audio, video and document classification algorithms. We are the winners of several awards:  ●   Phase 1 SBRI Machine Learning Competition with Innovate UK  ●   Phases 1 & 2 Challenge: ‘Open Source Big Data Insight’
WW3 Assault Rifle DesignMy name is Julian Merghart.  I am the designer of the JM-82 Assault Rifle.   My goal was to create the most reliable and flexible assault rifle ever created.  Patent Pending in the USA and abroad, my wish is to oversee the full testing, licensing, and manufacture of this gun.  Looking for investors that love guns.  Contact:  julianmerghart@gmail.com 
UK Defence and Security Consultancy
Our people are our product!
Creating dangerous drones
Geopolitical situation in the world worsens. Threats of terror attacks grows every day. Therefore, there is a need to seek additional security measures. In order to reduce risky operations of working officers, it is important to combine scientific and technological innovations to create an effective tool to achieve this. The product created during this project increases the likelihood of success in police, special and anti-terrorist forces missions. This tool would allow reaching inaccessible places and fly over areas that are too dangerous for pilots. The user of this system would have tactical advantage and could catch enemies by surprise, it could also provide a necessary support from the air. Using this system would reduce the number of soldiers, officers, civilian injuries and deaths.
Global persistent monitoring services for Energy and Defense using Hyperspectral Satellites
Orbital Sidekick (OSK) provides space-based hyperspectral monitoring solutions powered by Spectral Intelligence. OSK's unique radiometric speciation and change detection capability enables unparalleled target monitoring services for both commercial and defense users on a global scale. OSK's first space-based hyperspectral payload is currently operational on the International Space Station, and the company is on schedule to build a constellation of six nanosatellites by 2021. This growing constellation will enable daily target monitoring of customer assets on a global scale. Other markets serviced by OSK's Spectral Intelligence platform include mining/surveying, agriculture, insurance, defense/intelligence, and countless more.
Bringing comedy shows to the troops overseasSince 1992, Don Barnhart's Battle Comics has been performing and producing comedy shows for the US Military serving around the world.  The Battle Comics - World Tour features some of the top headlining comedians working today going around the world to entertain the men and women serving overseas in the Armed Forces.    Picking up where Bob Hope left off, Barnhart himself, an award-winning comedian, was one of the first group of entertainers to go into Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom.  By sponsoring a Battle Comics - World Tour For The Troops, your company’s name, logo or product will be seen by some of the most appreciative and loyal audiences around the world.  Battle Comics are gearing up to go back into Afghanistan, Iraq and Southwest Asia in March of 2016 as well as Europe and The Pacific later in the year.  Please join us in supporting the troops by sponsoring a tour and bringing a piece of home to those dedicated Americans protecting and serving our country.
Flying Metal Detector UXO's
Air, Land and Sea Drones. For further information, a Non Disclosure Agreement and Non Compete must be signed.
Real-Time AI Powered Video Analytics
IDenTV has developed a suite of Automated Content Recognition (ACR) technologies, that allow us to do real-time video detection. We are focusing this tech on real-time advertisement detection to provide to the TV advertising and TV broadcasting ecosystem. Real-time TV ad data will allow for better attribution, increased transparency (did my ad run when it was supposed to and in full fidelity); improved trafficking and billing, competitive intelligence, etc. Further, unlike our competitors, we do not require any costly production-sized modifications to the videos - like watermarking or encoding - to track videos. We are completely over the top in that sense, and we are doing video fingerprinting at its purest and high-tech form. Outside of the ad-tech space, our technology can be used for anti-piracy and in the intelligence community. Our roadmap also includes the introduction of further specialized features, including facial and object recognition.
Inertial Remote Control                                              INERTIAL REMOTE CONTROL
The X-Box of Live-fire Weapons Training
Our product lines are used by self defense instructors, universities, law enforcement, commercial organizations, and more for competitive drills, high pressure combat training, and general marksmanship training.
Match.com for Government Contracting Professionals
GovBizConnect is the first and only business intelligence and networking platform connecting small and large government contractors. GovBizConnect (GBC) enables users to build tailored business profiles based on capabilities, certifications, past performance, and other criteria. Companies can access GovBizConnect on a subscription basis. The company has been featured in Forbes, Washington Business Journal, Nextgov, Washington Technology, Costco Magazine, and identified as a top 100 GovTech brand by analytics firm Onalytica.
All in one
From firearm accessories to global communication we have access to every product ever made to making them for public and gov
Keep That Shirt TuckedA set of 1 inch, elastic band that clip on to your shirt tail and top the top of your socks or around your foot, that keep your shirt tucked in and looking custom tailored all day.  These are the most comfortable, most durable shirt stays in the world.  Anyone who has been frustrated with having to tuck and re-tuck will get satisfaction from Stay Put Shirt Stays.
Engineering the Future - Turning Science Fiction into Science Fact!	Shiva Science & Technology Group LLC (“Shiva”) is a company which is principally engaged in the research and development of technologies to advance the state of the art or to improve quality of life.  To this end, the principal areas targeted by Shiva's R&D are energy, pharmaceuticals, defense, biotechnology, artificial intelligence, robotics, propulsion, materials science, and nanotechnology.  Shiva then seeks to sell or license the intellectual property developed or develop partnerships with other companies to further develop, or to manufacture, goods based upon these technologies.
Superior blood-clotting product for military / civic use
A new process to produce human thrombin & fibrinogen to meet the demands of the civic & military trauma treatment markets for more effective human blood clotting proteins to control serious bleeding. It can be produced in injectable forms, as a dressing, as a sealant, etc.
freight and military UAVHermes Aerospace is a startup with the aim to design and built UAV for different purpose. In particular we are working on two main projects.  The first project is a military UAV for military support and for evacuation of up to 3 wonded soldiers from the field. The second project is the creation of a freight UAV and we aim to plan the first flight before 2020 (probably 2017 or 2018) with entrance in service the following years. This freight UAV will be able of a cargo capacity of 70 m3 and will have a maximum range of 1200/1400 km. Actually we submitted our designs for reciving patents for using them.  We arranged expenses for buing CAD software and estabilish the company, now we are looking for investors and start to selct materials for the building of the prototype of both the projects. A merketing plan is already ongoing, we are enquiring Private Businesses and Governments about their interest in the product.
Explosive Detection Kit
Explosive Detection Kit detects a broad range (15) of traces of explosives with immediate results. The kit will detect down to 1/1000 of a gram of explosive material. Market is Law Enforcement and Military. Let's not let the threat of terrorism scare us anymore.
South Field is an RF company Specialized in Aerospace and Defense1. Nano Satellite Antennas: We have new types of Antennas for Nano Satellites without deployment systems. Antennas deployment system failure rate is 12%. If this system fails the entire satellite is lost. This means our antennas will save at least 200K€ per satellite. We are offering to our costumers the same performance but a safer product.  2. Corrugated Coaxial Antennas: Our antennas are shorter but have same performance and a great bandwidth. These Antennas are perfect for Airborne applications.  3. New Generation Downconverters. Our Downconverters have up to four coherent channels, great bandwidth and you can configure them using a computer. Markets: Aerospace, defense, Broadcasting  4. Advanced Suspended Substrate Filters: We developed further the mathematics used to synthesize filters so we can make smaller filters but with the same filtering performance.  5. Consultancy Services: Our deep RF knowledge allow us to offer the best solutions to your RF issues. 
Protection device to prevent accidental firearm dischargeThe Trigger Safety Snap is a polymer sleeve that easily snaps over the trigger guard of the firearm providing a protective barrier, keeping the trigger from accidentally being pulled when carried or stored away but can also be deployed in an instant in a tactical environment. The Trigger Sleeve can be used for all different fields, such as Law Enforcement,  Military, Sport Shooting,  Private Owners and Enthusiasts. 
Like a PRO DIY Jersey/Military Framing Kit1)	It’s so easy to assemble/disassemble and set up that even a caveman can do it. No glues, or screws.
 2)	It saves the consumer lot’s of money.
 3)	It’s quick to assemble and disassemble.
 4)	It’s not sewn or pinned in permanently, so it can quickly and easily be removed, worn to the big game/event and then put back in.
 5)	It can be switched around to display the other side for awhile.
 6)	It can now be offered and sold with a shadow box float frame design, or as a stand alone...OR be a wall hanger too!
 7)	NO unsightly coat hanger required. Jersey appears to be floating in thin air.
 8)	Fully adjustable to accommodate any size jersey/military uniform. 
 9)	It’s not flat as a pancake in appearance, but has a thickness to it that looks more natural.
 10)	Though promoted as a Do It Yourself kit, Custom Framers can use it in their business and soon realize how much more convenient, simple, and quick it is to frame jersey/uniforms for their customers.

Government Small business setaside contractsIndustrial Equipment, supplies, Medical instruments, Science Instruments, Safety Supplies, Military armor, Science and Weather Instruments. Shoring equipment.  Some of our recent government agencies that awarded us contracts.
 
 Dept. of Veterans Affair
 Dept. of State
 U.S. Navy
 U.S Army
 U.S Marine Corps
 F.B.I
 MIT Laboratories
 DOE
Well established startup. Great foundationSecure (CAC-enabled) cloud application and system development for NDE – the Navy Development Environment; and Technology Insertion and Technology Transition (TI/TT) as integration experts, tying multiple major  IT systems in the DoD’s integration and consolidation initiatives.
 Our Commercial/B2B marketplace presence includes: design and implementation collaborative .NET secure cloud software development environments; SAP planning and implementation; and GSA Schedule 70-IT acquisition.

Solving the concussion crisis
THERMOCROWN™ is a revolutionary medical device transforming the emergency treatment of traumatic brain injuries. Because THERMOCROWN™ uses focal thermotherapy, the recognized and scientifically-proven therapeutic effects of hypothermia (cooling), to deliver immediate relief from the devastating effects of the trauma, it can be employed to substantially reduce the irreparable brain damage suffered by millions of annual victims of head injuries worldwide.
Military and Law Enforcement Supply
We sell military and Law enforcement equipment. We sell quality product, affordable on OUR salary. Out company began as a means to supply product to fellow police officers at an affordable price.
Extremely portable energy generator
BioBolt is an extremely portable and very durable energy generator that uses either the environment or the user to collect energy to power electronic devices. The product is designed mainly for off-the-grid type applications as well as survival/disaster preparedness applications.
Get a Widescreen View in the dark!
Our 1st product is a Tactical Flashlight that delivers a Widescreen View in the dark, providing a safer evironment for nighttime activities. Law Enforcement Officers, Military & Outdoors Enthusiasts all find this extremely handy and useful, blinding all the bad guys at the same time, exposing hidden dangers, and helping them find people & objects quickly, potentially saving lives.
National Security
My product is my business plan and be found at the link below amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias=aps&field-keywords=The+Path+…
Sky Is Not The LimitAeriCam design and manufacture Flying Cameras and mainly for video and photography industry and now we are branching into our industry and seeking fund to help us to achieve this goal.           We now have 2 prototype products in the working for branching to other markets.  One for Consumers and another for agnencies.     Our current model is the AeriCam X6 Hexacopter and AeriCam VPX  aericam.com/shop/aericam-x6-ready-to-fly aericam.com/shop/aericam-vpx-ready-to-fly 
Smell-o-vision for virtual reality serious games and video games
GameSkunk is an olfactory feedback system that will emit a scent based on game play. It can be used in the video game market, serious game market for treatment of brain disorders and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, virtual reality training, simulators, and the slot machine gaming market. The customers are clinicians, military training companies, and the consumer gamer. Scent is emotional and contributes to immersive game play, hence the use in the clinical market.
Lightweight and Effective Vehicle ArmorPerformance:  Solves some of the largest problems facing military combatants:     Vehicles aren’t disabled  Troops aren’t killed  Fuel economy and range improved  Reduced maintenance and increased manueverability  Higher vehicle payload  Renders most weapons obsolete
Serve underserved markets in rental housing with specific needs of Military Personnel
LIL MAD JANE INVESTMENTS (hereinafter referred to as LMJ) is a Georgia Corporation that has been created to serve underserved markets in rental housing. This company was created with the specific needs of Military Personnel in specific markets. Additionally, LMJ will be addressing the needs of those in Section 8 and Renters with disabilities.
Powering Awareness through Computer VisionQue-A, L.L.C.™ creates purpose built Artificial Intelligence/Computer vision through advanced machine learning and convolutional neural networking.  The capabilities add tremendous value to understand all objects within a full motion video frame or still frame imagery and automatically tag those objects with metadata and indicators.  This allows us to provide near real time intelligence and alerting to our customers in Defense, Telco, Oil and Gas, Mining and other industries to significantly increase awareness by using drone or static sensors collecting surveillance data to provide actionable intelligence that increases confidence in decision making.  Our customers are international and domestic along with U.S. Department of Defense.  Que-A™ is developing cutting edge capabilities and looking for like minded investors to help us achieve our goals.  Currently, we have 3 imminent projects that include Defense, Mining and agriculture.  Copyright© 2018, Que-A, L.L.C.™ All Rights Reserved
A no-code platform for building real-time map centric communication and analytics systems
Hundreds die every year in defence, emergency management and security from the difficulty of communicating spatial (map) information between people in different locations in real-time. zirkarta is a no-code platform enabling enterprises to build their own mobile friendly real-time map centric communication and analytics systems - users can plot life saving information on a map which is visible to all users in real time. It works on any device without downloading any software and automatically captures data as a by-product of its operational use, even without internet. This data can be reused to provide real-time information to external stakeholders, to provide on-call situational awareness to every hierarchical level in multi-tiered organisations and to undertake analytics to automatically generate statistics and reports. It automatically learns through use and works like a spreadsheet except data entry, and subsequent calculations, are made simply by plotting features on a map.
High accuracy navigation solutions for autonomous systems, geo-mapping and asset tracking
Highly accurate inertial navigation systems and services including INS, MEMS and acoustics, integrated by our customers into a range of autonomous vehicles, geospacial mapping solutions, surveying products, asset tracking solutions and more.
We're taking humanity into space as we search for a better future
MoonshotX runs a series of programs designed to help individuals, startups, and organisations create global value through creating new and leveraging existing space technology.
Enhanced Expanding Gas Rifle PlatformEnhanced Expanding Gas Rifle  The EXGR takes the reliability and familiarity of the AR15 platform and enhances it with the best of current industry trends and combines them with modern materials such as aircraft grade aluminum, heat treated tool steels and modern manufacturing techniques to form 'a first of its kind' rifle platform.   A true ambidextrous rifle platform built from the ground up to shed the cumbersome AR15 buffer tube and impeding charging handle to integrate a quick-deployment and folding-buttstock with dual non-reciprocating/self-returning forward charging handles and retains the stoner expanding gas system.  A newly developed manual of arms built around ambidextrous controls, mirrored on both sides of the rifle makes changing shooting hands in the field as natural and intuitive as the enhanced quick-change barrel system integrated into the monolithic upper receiver.  The EXGR not only brings the AR15 into the current century but does what no other has done before.  
Bharat Supply & Support of Military Materials and Equipment Bharat Supply & Support of Military Materials and Equipment "BSS Materiel Limited" has been incorporated and established to undertake Designing, Manufacturing, Assembling and Testing of Small Arms, Light Weapons, Ammunition with introducing advanced, new generation designs and technologies, all types of Unmanned vehicles (UVs), and other vital next generation Communication on the Move (COTM) products and solutions to cater to requirements of the Indian Army, Para Military Forces and other Law Enforcement agencies. It was established in 2016 under the Make in India and Startup India initiatives of the Government of India.   BSS Materiel’s expertise in India includes assistance in formulating response to RFI, RFP, Offsets proposals and setting up Joint Ventures for manufacturing, R&D, assistance in preparation of the commercial bid ensuring highest degree of compliance with the Defense Procurement Policy requirements.
Design production grade RF & Microwave systems with an Allen wrench
We offer the X-MWsystem, a design system and over 2,000 drop-in RF components for designing high performance RF and Microwave systems. It is used for rapid prototyping and industry grade deployment across a wide range of applications from DC - 67 GHz. Multiple blocks can be rapidly combined into a single PCB for high volume production applications. The result is faster time to market and lower cost RF and Microwave design with a higher probability of first pass success.
We build Algorithms and Software for Image and Video Analysis
We build a range of tools from small image processing plugins to large scalable content analysis platforms.
Ridiculously ambitious security company
We provide physical security. This can come in the form of asset protection, sensitive item transport, unarmed and armed security guards, event security, patrols, and a plethora of others security solutions.
Autonomous Security Drone and Shooter DeterrentAeroShield is a drone and AI security company creating a fully autonomous drone that uses non-lethal means to protect communities, businesses, and public events.   Our flagship drone is an armed rapid response drone that locates and neutralizes active shooters in under 30 seconds. The drone is stored in a tamper-proof wireless charging station and deploys upon acoustic activation from a firearm discharge. It's equipped with tasers and a firing mechanism that fires a non-lethal pepper blaster. The drone also performs routine patrol missions such as scanning for criminals, bomb threats, weapons, etc. Machine learning is introduced for capabilities object/facial recognition, threat detection, and path planning.   The drone will curate data from the field for first responders and allow them to inquiry in real-time about anything on-going from the situation. Field intelligence and data collected is processed by our artificial intelligence system.
Technical staffing support for small, medium, and large businesses
We supply talented individuals to our clients. We are capable of contract, contract-to-hire, and direct hire along with new capabilities to offer hourly candidate sourcing for bulk hiring needs.
Technologies to save lives
We are developing a All terrain vehicle for Bomb disposal with a potential of saving 200 + lives during peace time operations.
We are improving situational awareness of teams in hostile environmentsWe are an Australian company building science backed, technology solutions for hostile environments to:   • Improve safety & efficiency of teams  • Give real time analysis of data  • Improve operational awareness at all levels of incident control
Large Bespoke Commercial Aerial DronesAt eirobotix we design, develop, manufacture & operate bespoke large commercial drones (up to 150kg) to meet common industrial requirements but also are engaged in R&D for loftier pursuits.  We are developing technology to allow hover capable rotor drones to operate at high altitudes for extended periods & with high payload capability to offer services in areas currently unpractical for manned aviation such are near the summit of high mountains & beyond. With technology progression this naturally leads to drones capable of operating at ultra high altitudes near the Earth's Stratosphere which has similar atmospheric density to Mars atmosphere which is the ultimate goal.   We also are expanding into the ground rover (wheeled & track types), surface sea vessel & underwater type drones.  At first our products will be low altitude commercial industrial drones for use by corporate clients - this is necessary to build up the business's technical, personnel & financial capability. 
Predictive Intelligence for Interface Excellence
Awayr A.I. saves product teams time and money while helping them build best-in-class HMI that profitably delights users.
