Vantage makes UAVs and UAV components for customers including the US Army, Ford, CNN, FLIR, the US Air Force, and Stanford University. Our first product, Snap, achieved a landmark FAA waiver for commercial flight over people. Our second product, Vesper, was one of five products selected by the Pentagon for use by the federal government. We’re currently making the next generation micro drone for the US Army’s $100M Soldier Borne Sensor Program and a family of modular micro-gimbals as part of the Pentagon’s Blue UAS program. The company won Richard Branson's Extreme Tech Challenge and has been recognized by TechCrunch, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Wired, Quartz, and USA Today, amongst many others. Vantage has been awarded over $10M in R&D contracts over the last two years and raised $11M in venture funding. The company has strong backing from VCs who previously backed Twitter and Zoom, the founder of Insitu, and the Pentagon’s Defense Innovation Unit. We are a team of Stanford engineers, DARPA Grand Challenge winners, IDEO and Volkswagen alums, NASA roboticists, 3D printer designers, and pioneering software developers. We're also ardent kite surfers, mountain bikers, professional rock climbers, competitive dancers, surfers, and award winning pilots. We work to achieve ambitious goals, but also to achieve meaningful lives.

We deliver certainty. The greatest risk is the one that goes unseen. At XOR Security, we shed light on the shadows. We deliver software solutions and strategic guidance to help government leaders make critical decisions with certainty. Know your adversary. Make data actionable. Lead decisively. The XOR Security team offers deep experience driving strategic and technical programs across the federal government. Our expertise spans application development, data analytics, strategic consulting and cloud solutions. We take pride in developing smarter tools, systems and processes to help government leaders expertly navigate the shifting seas of cyber defense. Our expertise is in Cyber Security, System Engineering, Data Analytics, Application Development, Government Solutions, Industry Solutions, Cloud Services, and Strategic Consulting.

SUPPORT A company providing communication, support and maintenance service to numerous international defense equipment OEMs and customers. OPERATIONAL A consulting company providing MRO as well as ILS service to numerous foreign defense contractors. MAINTENANCE Major subcontractor to Israeli OEMs & Russian OEMs for field support and O and I-Level maintenance .

Our Mission and culture of integrity offers comprehensive and leading solutions in Financial Management, Acquisition Management, Logistics and Supply Chain Management, and National Security and Defense Programs. Our Corporate commitment is to provide our clients with precision inspired performance through innovative technologies, and subject matter expertise driving best-value solutions. We are an ISO 9001:2015 certified organization that utilizes proven and repeatable processes to develop, analyze, and successfully implement our customers’ needs to achieve high levels of cost and schedule predictability.

Founded in 2011, our continuous growth and superior performance has earned us numerous accolades including: Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies in America (#768, 2019) , Inc. 500’s Fastest Growing Companies in America (2017, #319 & 2018, #435), Inc. 500’s Top Virginia Companies 5000 List (2017), Inc. 500’s Top Washington, D.C. Companies 5000 List (2017), Inc 5000’s DC Metro’s Top Companies of 2020 (#63), Washington Business Journal’s 75 Fastest Growing Companies (2019, 2018), Inc. 500 Vet50’s Fastest Growing Veteran-Owned Business (2019, #28 and 2018, #18, 2020, #58), Virginia Chamber of Commerce’s Fantastic 50 (2019, #5), and Washington Business Journal’s Best Places to Work (2016).

JusticeText is a pre-seed technology startup focused on driving criminal justice reform via technological solutions. We work with public defense agencies across the country to develop video evidence management software that strengthens their ability to advocate for everyday citizens. Racial and economic justice is at the core of our company mission, and we believe technological innovation has an important role to play in this movement.

Our justice system is being inundated by the 3 trillion hours of video which is captured everyday worldwide from surveillance cameras, body-worn cameras, dashboard cameras, witness interrogations, and more. While video evidence is involved in over 80 percent of criminal cases, this crucial data can easily go overlooked without the tools necessary to analyze it. This challenge is even further exacerbated within the public defense system, which is tasked with representing low-income criminal defendants across the US.

We are building an AI-powered video evidence management platform that enables public defense attorneys to more effectively identify relevant insights from audiovisual evidence. By providing value for public defense attorneys through time saved, we aim to ensure fairer outcomes for those most vulnerable.

We are a small defense contracting company that is growing rapidly. Are projects are innovative and using cutting edge technologies.

We are a global provider of high impact national security, intelligence, and private sector capital management solutions. around the world and in close partnership with our clients, we leverage our international expertise to solve complex organizational, management and operational challenges. at any given time, masy team members are working to develop effective strategies tailored to ensure our clients achieve and maintain a competitive edge. our portfolio of consulting services includes leadership management, organizational performance, cultural competency, data exploitation, emerging markets risk mitigation strategies, professional development education and training, and cyber solutions.

We build simple, resilient, and scalable IT infrastructure and solutions. We are an industry leader in tactical network design, integration, testing, deployment, and support for the Department of Defense Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Combat and Intelligence (C5I) systems. We solve challenges for enterprise, data center, and Department of Defense Denied-Disconnected Intermittent Limited environments.

Our expertise in software, algorithms, DSP, and system development consistently produce successful results for the United States Defense Industry.

At alation, we are a team that is passionate about creating a more curious and rational world by providing our customers with the tools to build a data culture. from our product to how we operate as a team, we’re excited to change the world by combining machine learning and human collaboration to bring confidence to data-driven decisions.

Orbital Sidekick (OSK) provides space-based hyperspectral monitoring solutions powered by Spectral Intelligence. OSK's unique radiometric speciation and change detection capability enables unparalleled target monitoring services for both commercial and defense users on a global scale. OSK's first space-based hyperspectral payload is currently operational on the International Space Station, and the company is on schedule to build a constellation of six nanosatellites by 2021. This growing constellation will enable daily target monitoring of customer assets on a global scale.

Other markets serviced by OSK's Spectral Intelligence platform include mining/surveying, agriculture, insurance, defense/intelligence, and countless more.

Starburst is an innovation catalyst in the aerospace industry. It is the first and only global aerospace accelerator, connecting startups with corporates, investors and government, providing growth and investment opportunities for all. With offices in Los Angeles, Paris, Munich, Seoul, Tel Aviv, and Singapore, the team has built an ecosystem of key players with 6000+ startups in its network.

Our program helps startups scale their business in aerospace and defense with access to the largest group of corporate stakeholders to help startups win their first $1M+ contract.

We’re interested in tech transfer from research labs or a very innovative concept – teams made up of entrepreneurs and scientists – with an existing prototype to market.

Anduril brings Silicon Valley talent and funding to the defense sector, assembling a diverse team of experts in artificial intelligence, computer vision, sensor fusion, optics, and data analysis - including senior engineers from Oculus VR, Palantir, General Atomics, SpaceX, Tesla, and Google. We believe that if we build practical solutions using the latest technology, we can deliver far better outcomes at a dramatically lower cost.

SFL Scientific is a data science consulting and professional services company, providing a broad range of solutions in data engineering, machine learning, and Artificial Intelligence. We provide strategy, prototype, integrate, and manage sophisticated AI solutions by leveraging emerging technology. With a globally connected network of technology partners, SFL Scientific brings world-class capabilities, delivering professional services and insights to address the most complex business challenges.

Government, Defense & Aid Industries Security-Cleared, FAR & DFAR Compliant Products & Services. We will also be assisting Transitioning Services Members, so if you are prior Military - you are more than welcome to apply - you will fit right in.

We are working and growing in the dynamic business environment supporting agencies and organizations addressing critical intelligence and defense challenges facing our nation.

At vannevar labs we are a group of technologists and former defense and intelligence officers building computer vision and natural language processing products for some of the country's most important national security problems. we apply artificial intelligence to difficult data exploitation problems in the national security space.

We take pride in being a world-class engineering company that focuses on the problems facing the defense community. We use software engineering, cloud computing, date architecture, system integration, engineering, and cyber security to just name of few capabilities to help our clients. We are a small company, but we have a big attitude when it comes to our clients in providing technology and garnish true compensation for our clients needs. We take pride in understanding our community and its needs. This is why we are highly regarded in the industry, and we have the know-how to give our clients their needed guidance to deliver peak information as their needs grow.

Our team combines seasoned aerospace engineering talent and Special Operations combat veterans to address 21st century threats. We embrace the best practices from Silicon Valley innovation such as agile development and deliver breakthroughs in high-power microwave for offensive and defensive EMP and artificial intelligence for enhanced targeting capabilities.

Volarent Aerospace is a flight simulator company that focuses on realistic and affordable flight training devices to fill the needs of flight schools, universities, airlines, and defense. Our flight simulators are FAA-certified realistic systems meant to enhance a student’s understanding and comprehension of maneuvers and procedures, rather than simply obtaining mandated simulator hours. These systems are based on realistic flight models and aircraft replication across all regimes. The targeted customer markets are extensive, including flight schools, museums, STEM programs, universities, type/safety training centers, regional/major airlines, owner/operator, Fixed Base Operations (FBOs), as well as defense and government applications. The most notable benefits for organizational and operator owned flight simulators pertain specifically to the efficiency of training, proficiency and resource allocation, primarily reducing staff workloads and aircraft service life expectancy.

Located on North Carolina State University's Centennial Campus in Raleigh, Secmation is a small business that provides engineering, technology, and tools to add information security to new and existing products. We specialize in emerging security applications that are not well served by traditional IT solutions. Our goal is to demystify security design, manage/develop it like any other technology, and keep product teams focused on the success of their product.

We are product developers first and security experts second. We understand the challenges product teams have and integrate with them providing our security experience to support a successful launch.

Cyware Labs is a product-based cybersecurity provider headquartered at New York, USA. Our pioneering solutions enable organizations to develop proactive cyber defense capabilities, effectively exchange strategic, tactical, and operational threat intelligence, and quickly respond to and manage security threats in real-time. Our mission is to revolutionize and simplify the security fabric to give truly integrated and intuitive solutions that provide a broad array of intel sharing, analytical and threat response functions across various platforms and mobile devices.

Our unique products combine core facets of next-generation Security Operations Center (SOC) such as situational awareness, information sharing, cyber threat intelligence exchange, data fusion and threat response to give our clients needed visibility and control, and advanced defensive capabilities, with exceptional performance while helping them in transitioning to a truly next-gen SOC.

Rogue Squadron is a software development and UAS red team situated within the Defense Digital Service (DDS). We develop cutting edge technologies to defeat adversary UAS that pose threats to public safety and national security.

We primarily operate out of a garage/workshop environment and use agile methodologies to rapidly develop, iterate on, and push capabilities directly into the field.

We interact on a daily basis with various government entities where our products make massive impact in critical situations. We recognize that the future of autonomous uniquity will create tremendous opportunity, but also unprecedented dangers. Our work seeks to mitigate those dangers by proactively anticipating and defeating emerging threats.

Ad Hoc LLC is a software development and design consultancy. We work with government agencies to build products that enable citizen to government interactions. Ad Hoc LLC was founded by Paul Smith and Greg Gershman after they helped rescue HealthCare.gov. Since founding the company, Ad Hoc has worked with federal and state agencies to re-imagine how digital services can be done better by applying the latest methods and tools in software engineering, design, and user experience.

NRDC is the nation's most effective environmental action organization. We use law, science and the support of 1.3 million members and online activists to protect the planet's wildlife and wild places and to ensure a safe and healthy environment for all living things.

Worth Magazine has named NRDC one of America's 100 best charities, and the Wise Giving Alliance of the Better Business Bureau reports that NRDC meets its highest standards for accountability and use of donor funds.

NRDC was founded in 1970 by a group of law students and attorneys at the forefront of the environmental movement. NRDC lawyers helped write some of America's bedrock environmental laws. Today, our staff of more than 300 lawyers, scientists and policy experts -- a MacArthur "genius"​ award-winner among them -- work out of offices in New York, Washington, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Beijing.

Tenet3 is a computer science and engineering firm delivering quantitative cyber security analyses to Department of Defense and private sector customers. We specialize in cyber security economics. Specifically, we identify the strategies and tactics that lead to optimal security investments for our clients. Our metrics assess threat mitigation strategies, cyber security costs, residual risks, and resiliency in complex systems. We believe that the best way to achieve cost effective cyber security is through strategic analysis of a system "as designed", "as built", and "as operating".

Veeva builds enterprise cloud technology that powers the biggest names in the pharmaceutical, biotech, consumer goods, chemical & cosmetics industries. Our customers make vaccines, life-saving medicines, and life-enhancing products that make a difference in everyday lives. Our technology has transformed these industries; enabling them to get critical products and services to market faster. Our core values, Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed, guide us as we make our customers more efficient and effective in everything they do

ThreatQuotient is a cyber-security firm dedicated to building enterprise solutions to defend against advanced cyber threats. Our solutions enable businesses to leverage and optimize cyber threat intelligence to mitigate risk from attackers.

ThreatQ, is a proven threat intelligence platform comprised of three components:
-IOC Management Platform
-Spearphish/Event Analysis
-Actor Profiles

ThreatQ’s design responds to current gaps in the computer network defense analytical toolset and actualizes ACTIONABLE intelligence through end-to-end automation. The product is operationally live within different environments, streamlining time-consuming network defense processes and transforming corporate security operations. ThreatQuotient solutions are initially suited for customers in the defense, IT, financial services, and government sectors.

Platform helping Chief Information Officer of companies, Insurance Brokers & Insurers to integrate last line of defense against Cyber Risk.

ORock Technologies is a small business Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Cloud Service Provider (CSP) serving Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and enterprise customers in defense, government, and highly regulated industries — organizations with the most stringent requirements for security, compliance, and control.

ORock operates a private, carrier-grade fiber optic network and features a “pure-play” Red Hat open source cloud to ensure maximum performance and flexibility while protecting your most sensitive data and workloads.

Our flagship cloud solution, ORockCloud, is “FedRAMP Authorized” at the Moderate Impact Level by the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) and a Department of Defense agency. ORockCloud is authorized for hybrid cloud as well as Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) models. Additional authorizations are expected in 2018.

- Send experiments out to be run in the cloud seamlessly with a single command - Keep all your work and results organized and fully reproducible - Track code changes directly to changes in performance - Share results, data and tap into the insights of a broad community

Research Innovations is a small technology company focused on the development and application of emerging technologies that solve complex problems within the Defense and Intelligence communities.

By combining user-centered design and agile development methods, we create innovative products and solutions for our customers. We focus on performing cutting-edge research and development of information systems that support Joint Command and Control, Mobile Computing and Cyberspace. Research Innovations is headquartered in Northern Virginia with several work locations and provides an environment and culture that rewards talent and accomplishment. We are a company of mission focused people who are satisfied when we deliver excellence and success to our customers.

We are proud to have a diverse team of legal, risk, compliance, technical, and industry experts who live and breathe accessibility 24 by 7. Many of our staff have disabilities themselves, giving them a real edge in identifying needs and issues, and effectively testing and creating products and services with accessibility and usability in mind. In addition, several of our customer services staff has worked directly as staff and contractors for the Section 508 compliance teams in U.S. Federal Government agencies.

HyperVerge, Inc. is a Silicon Valley based deep-learning startup funded by NEA, Milliways Ventures, and Naya Ventures.

HyperVerge has developed patent-pending technology for real-time analysis of images and videos obtained from sources such as satellites, surveillance cameras, industrial cameras, and documents. Our models lead the market with top accuracy values on many important data-sets and are optimized for deployments in low bandwidth environments. Deep-learning networks built by HyperVerge are powering applications for large enterprise clients in Security, Energy, Financial Services and Defense.

We are a small software consultancy that values inclusion, technical excellence, and a rich, supportive culture. As such, Truss excels at building complex software infrastructure in high-compliance industries in order to deliver superior user experiences for our clients. Additionally, since our engagements on the healthcare.gov rescue, we've committed to changing how our government serves its citizens. If you're motivated by continuous learning and application of technical solutions in constrained environments, then perhaps you'd be a good fit to join our team.

Abnormal Security is defining the next generation of email security defense. Our platform uses machine learning and artificial intelligence to baseline communication content, user identity, and behavioral signals in real-time and at-scale in order to detect the abnormalities of email attacks.

Customers love us because we consistently detect and stop what everyone else in the market can’t -- advanced attacks that have never been seen before -- and we do so with beautiful user interfaces and best-in-industry customer support.

Our veteran team has built some of the most enduring machine learning platforms at leading companies including Google, Twitter, Pinterest, Amazon, Microsoft, and Expanse. We are located in San Francisco and New York City

Kalepa is eliminating deadweight loss in commercial insurance underwriting. Kalepa's AI-powered Copilot enables underwriters to focus their time on the highest ROI opportunities and to rapidly evaluate and optimally select risk. By analyzing trillions of points of structured and unstructured data, Copilot augments underwriters with insights and recommendations on every risk. Copilot helps insurers, MGA’s and Program Managers to 10X underwriting performance and drive profitable premium growth.

Kalepa's team members bring experiences from Facebook, Google, Amazon, ClassPass, Atlassian, APT (acquired by Mastercard for $600M in 2015), MIT, Berkeley, UPenn, NYU, and the Israel Defense Forces. Kalepa's HQ is in New York City and we have team members around the globe. We are backed by IA Ventures, investors in Datadog, TheTradeDesk, Transferwise, Flatiron Health, and others.

Talkdesk is the world's leading browser-based call center software. Our out-of-the-box call center software solution helps growing businesses improve customer satisfaction, while simultaneously reducing support costs.

Using Talkdesk, businesses can create an entire call center in the browser in 5 minutes. No phones, hardware, coding or downloads required - all that is needed is a computer and Internet. With one click, Talkdesk integrates with Salesforce, Zendesk, Shopify, Olark and others to provide comprehensive information about customers.

Using IVR, ACD and skills-based routing, callers are routed to the agent who is most qualified to meet their needs based on customizable data. Talkdesk then displays the caller's name, image, contact information, purchase history and contact history in the agent's browser in real-time. With real-time and historical reporting, call monitoring and call recording, teams can make data-driven decisions based on comprehensive information.

Raphe mPhibr Pvt Ltd is a manufacturer of carbon fibre composite products for major industrial sectors such as aerospace, defense, construction, automobile, electrical and electronics, wind energy, marine, sports, telecommunications and many more. Our work is spread on a variety of industrial domains. Our primary focus is to support the budding drone industry in India and to aid the defence sector in developing the world-class products. We are helping the drone revolution in India by designing and developing various composite structures such as frames, propellers & support structures that are used in a UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle).

Exiger is a global authority on regulatory compliance. the company also oversees some of the world's most complex court-appointed and voluntary monitorships in the private and public sectors, including the monitorship of hsbc.

At cim, we believe we’re changing the world for the better by improving the environment and enhancing the lives of people in communities across the americas. we are passionate about establishing dynamic districts and public gathering places and owning and operating essential real estate and infrastructure. these assets support community needs and provide resources such as renewable energy and waste recycling services. we also become an integral part of the communities in which we work, supporting local organizations and contributing to the local economy.since 1994, we have worked to enhance communities and create value for our stakeholders. cimpact is another illustration of our ongoing commitment to enhance communities and improve the lives of those who live there. cimpact supports, encourages and offers corporate and employee-led voluntary community service activities on both local and national levels.

All-in-one performance monitoring

Use a single platform to analyze application performance throughout your application’s full stack, down to each individual transaction across all layers and technologies.

Full stack monitoring provides full insights into customer experience, application performance management, and infrastructure monitoring—including servers, containers, and cloud—end-to-end with no blind spots.

Get the deepest, most accurate, granular tracing of every single transaction.

Our research and development team of more than 600 experts ensures the broadest and deepest coverage of technologies in the industry.

KnowBe4, Inc. is a high growth information security company. We are the world’s largest provider of new-school security awareness training and simulated phishing. KnowBe4 was created to help organizations manage the ongoing problem of social engineering. Tens of thousands of organizations worldwide use KnowBe4’s platform to mobilize their end users as a last line of defense and enable them to make better security decisions, every day.

We are ranked #1 best place to work in technology nationwide by Fortune Magazine and have placed #1 or #2 in The Tampa Bay Top Workplaces Survey for the last four years. We also just had our 25th record-setting quarter in a row!

C3.ai is a leading enterprise AI software provider for accelerating digital transformation. The proven C3 AI Suite provides the comprehensive services to build enterprise scale AI applications 40x to 100x faster than alternative approaches. The core of the C3 AI Suite is a revolutionary, extensible, model-driven abstraction layer that dramatically enhances data scientist and application developer productivity. The C3 AI Suite supports any value chain in any industry with pre-built, configurable, high-value AI applications for predictive maintenance, fraud detection, sensor network health, supply network optimization, energy management, anti-money laundering, and customer engagement.

Electro-Mechanical Systems ✦ Complex Product Development ✦ Technical Analysis ✦ Program Management & Oversight

Singularis is a mechanical engineering and design firm. Since inception, the company has expanded to provide engineering services to clients across the Aerospace, Medical, Defense, Automotive, Manufacturing, Industrial Systems, and Consumer Goods fields. Singularis offers an expansive list of competitive services – from FEA/CFD analysis, rapid prototyping and testing, test fixture and experiment design, mechanical engineering design, tool die design, and design for manufacturability (DFM).

Engineering companies rely on high quality and efficient engineering talent to capitalize on critical growth opportunities. Whether its a large-scale contract or a next generation product launch, Singularis provides customized design solutions and project management to extend your company's resources. Singularis aims to deliver intelligent solutions that elevate functionality, increase manufacturability, and accelerate speed-to-market.

Around the time the Hubble Space Telescope was launched into low Earth orbit in 1990, Zemax began delivering optical software and services to help engineers, scientists, researchers, and students bring their ideas into reality. Zemax software helps companies get to a qualified design more quickly by streamlining the workflow and communication between optical, mechanical, and manufacturing engineers. Our software physics core has been relied on by NASA and industry leaders to analyze and validate complete product designs. We offer comprehensive technical support and introductory, advanced, and customized training. With headquarters in the Seattle area and offices in the UK, Japan, Taiwan, and China, we’re proud to have the most passionate, worldwide user base in the industry.

Founded in 2013, we are a company focused on preventing the spread of breaches inside data center and cloud environments. Our vision gave way to a security segmentation platform that gives you 20/20 application visibility and 24/7 control to stop lateral movement – preventing the spread of breaches across any data center or cloud on bare-metal, virtual machines, and containers. With the Illumio Adaptive Security Platform® (ASP) we built a new way and pioneered security segmentation that helps you prevent the spread of breaches and achieve regulatory compliance through real-time application dependency mapping and micro-segmentation that works in any data center and cloud environment. Some of the Industries we have clients in are Financial Institutions, Law Firms, Retail, the Federal Government & Public Sector, Airlines and Healthcare.

Chainalysis is one of the fastest growing companies in the cryptocurrency space. Our cryptocurrency investigation and compliance software is used by the world’s leading law enforcement agencies, regulators, and businesses as they combat fraud, human trafficking, money laundering, and other illicit activity involving cryptocurrencies. With offices in New York, Washington D.C., London, and Copenhagen, we are backed by Accel, Benchmark and other leading names in venture capital. Our mission is to build trust in blockchains.

Natexel Defense is developing drone security and surveillance systems for media companies and for companies who want to monitor their sensitive sites for the sky (power plants, datacenters).

The achievement of our startups is the foundation of our corporate model. Partnering with Renno & Co. is a partnership for success with lawyers and professional service providers who are also entrepreneurs and with the experience to produce quality services in a variety of domains.

Renno & Co. assists startups throughout their life process, from corporate structure and regulatory compliance to drafting shareholders conventions, commercial contracts, and terms of conditions.

FOR INVESTORS:

We are determined to ensure that our investor clients are fully aware of the opportunities and risks of a potential project. We will perform extensive due diligence investigations of a business to ensure all their corporate records are in order, all aspects of their operations are compliant, and intellectual property is secure.

Yubico changes the game for strong authentication, providing superior security with unmatched ease-of-use. Our core invention, the YubiKey, is a small USB and NFC device supporting multiple authentication and cryptographic protocols. With a simple touch, it protects access to computers, networks, and online services for the world’s largest organizations. Yubico is the leading contributor to the FIDO Universal 2nd Factor open authentication standard, and our technology is loved by millions of users in more than 150 countries.

We are an industrial analytics platform that delivers products to major industries to increase productivity, security, safety and reliability. We aim to utilize artificial intelligence to help companies digitally transform with software specially designed for the industrial sector. Our software is designed to make sure that companies get the most use out of their machines and to increase their overall reliability and performance. Our main industries of focus include agriculture, aviation, construction, energy, equipment dealers, fleet management, mining, oil & gas as well as government manufacturing and railroad transportation.

Augmented 3D - transformation from 2D to 3D : This will change how people interact with objects around themselves. AR accessories - aid for AR VR and MR HMD. We provide AR and VR solutions to B2B industry and training simulators for defense sector

As a forward-thinking provider of mission critical information technology (it) solutions, we understands what it takes to deliver innovative solutions in today's fiscal realities. by tackling our customers’ challenges with integrity and focused intelligence, we have sustained long-term relationships that make us key members and trusted partners within our customer's eco-system. we help our clients achieve their mission and strategic goals through building, deploying & managing solutions that enable interoperability and allow for cost effective strategies that minimize risks.

MoonPay is the new standard for fiat to crypto. We are a marketplace between cryptocurrency exchanges and users facilitating instant non-custodial purchases of major cryptocurrencies. Our mission is to make cryptocurrencies accessible to everyone.

Founded in 2018, MoonPay works with leading companies to solve the fiat-to-crypto onramp challenge. We offer best-in-class developer tools, including a customizable widget and white-label APIs, to enable our partners to build seamless purchase experiences. MoonPay currently operates in over 160 countries and provides 24/7 customer support in 10 languages.

Still operating in 'stealth mode' we are brining ground breaking technology to some of the largest entities on the planet. Our veteran team of experts have built careers in taking early stage technologies from academia and turning them into new product categories and ultimately successful companies.

Battlefield modernization technologies, Immersive surveillance and strategic electronics for military applications. Tactical Sights, Land-Marine-Aerial Surveillance and Reconnaissance Systems, Fire Control and Drive Vision Systems
Bellatrix Aerospace offers you affordable access to Space. With dedicated Launch Vehicles for Nano-Satellites and In-Space Propulsion Systems to boost the lifetime in orbit, Space has never been more accessible.

If you want to drive ongoing improvement to your customer experience management program, then you need to find a way to engage with your customers — understand what they’re saying, and then act on their feedback. That’s what Medallia does. Don’t just take our word for it. Listen to some of our customers talk about why they chose Medallia:

Recorded Future arms security teams with threat intelligence powered by patented machine learning to lower risk. Our technology automatically collects and analyzes information from an unrivaled breadth of sources and provides invaluable context that’s delivered in real time and packaged for human analysis or instant integration with existing security technology

Cybersecurity application providing threat intelligence in near-real time Data Science educational service using online platform Interactive learning media for educational programs Secure networks and operations support

Air&Jobs develops a mobile application (available on iOS and Android) which helps aerospace & defense companies to hire faster, better and more pertinent talents.

Govini uses cutting-edge technology and national security expertise to create unparalleled visibility into complex federal markets, allowing leaders to ensure their investments are aligned with mission priorities.

It brings you technology. long view delivers you solutions. every solution requires a unique blend of elements. our services and offerings include cloud, end user experience, digital defense, infrastructure, managed services, licensing and procurement, business technology management, apps, and internet of things support.

Sift, formerly Sift Science, is the leader in Digital Trust & Safety, empowering companies of all sizes to unlock revenue without risk. Sift prevents fraud with industry-leading technology and expertise, an unrivaled global data network, and a commitment to building long-term partnerships with our customers. Twitter, Airbnb, and Twilio rely on Sift to stay competitive and secure.

Diverse data fuels our technology and community. We partner with industry leaders to deliver end-to-end solutions for our customers. It's simple, we make better decisions as a business when we can harness diversity in thought, experience, data, and background. Sift is working toward building a team that represents the world-wide customers that we serve, inclusive of people from all walks of life who can bring their full selves to work every day, so we can Win as One Team.

We have served countless others in technical problem solving throughout our 7-year-old history as a tech firm. We represent Quality, Culture, and Relationships here while we pursue our mission with Integrity, Excellence, and Teamwork. We provide accounting and analytics, management of various programs. along with testing services. Our Structural Agility Framework allows leniency to better help the client with their problems and gives the capability to solve the problems of today for our clients to better serve them tomorrow within the ever-changing scope of technology. Not only are we a business, but we are also a team that strives to help all who seek it while we give back to our communities as well.

VINCI creates training simulations focused on maintenance tasks for aircraft and renewable energy solutions. Maintenance is necessary for critical machinery, but workers often have limited to no access to these machines for training purposes; thus, VINCI VR simulations provide a unique solution for workers to get realistic training affordably.
VINCI is also creating a platform called CODEX that enables instructors to modify their simulations without the need to code; CODEX further lowers the cost of creating simulations and enables instructors to make on-the-ground changes rapidly as situations change.
Space Made Simple. We are a true end-to-end service provider letting our customers rapidly deploy and operate their payloads on reliable high-performance satellites at an unprecedented simplicity and affordability. Using our Payload Hub, Loft Orbital can seamlessly integrate with multiple payloads and buses out of the box, offering customers the development times of CubeSats without sacrificing heritage, performance, or reliability.
We’re building a new type of games company, unlike any you’ve seen before. We make free to play mobile games which are a net positive in our players’ lives. We believe there’s a path to making a very successful mobile games company that doesn’t monetize frustration.
We have a subscription based business model and selling satellite images and image analytics solutions. Our customers coming from markets like agriculture, energy & infrastructure, education & research, defense and intelligence, insurance.

DELLECT is all-in-one SIEM solution that can persistently collect the information from environment and provide critical situational awareness. Using advance machine learning algorithms DELLECT minimizes “human” requirement, implements processes and technologies to provide industry-leading cyber defense and integrated threat management. PhishGrid - Phishing Simulator delivers a complete solution to assess, train, and test employee/customer.

SKOUT is a cloud-native, streaming data analytics platform built to deliver effective and affordable cybersecurity products for SMBs, delivered through MSPs.
We're building trust on the internet. We see a future where it’s easy to bring a great idea into the world using the internet, while respecting data security and privacy. The next generation of businesses will design security and privacy into their operating processes. If every business is going to be a software business, every business will need to be a security business.
We’re working to make information security a core competency of every startup. We envision a world in which startups have access to great information security, are empowered to focus on their businesses instead of on compliance, can scale faster and more efficiently, and are confident that they're creating quality products.
Spire is a satellite-powered data company that tackles the world’s most unpredictable business challenges with truly global data solutions. By providing unique data from any point on Earth, every hour, Spire offers a competitive advantage for organizations that require insight into areas such as global trade, weather, shipping and supply chain, illegal fishing, and maritime domain awareness. To learn more, visit: spire.com. Spire is looking for exceptional people to join its fast-growing team. Challenge yourself, apply today! spire.com/careers
Founded in 2007, we are an award winning woman-owned small business that provides full end-to-end software and management solutions in the public and private sector, from design and development to o&m. we help federal agencies leverage the latest technology to serve the american people by utilizing our extensive experience, including a wide variety of capabilities designing and delivering enterprise it services. by collaborating with organizations throughout the design and development process, we create user-focused solutions, providing replacement of difficult legacy systems with often times no documentation. our experts do this by providing a snapshot of the system and its integrated pieces, planning out the roadmap for it transformation and sustainability, then identifying the risks and gaps effectively mitigating the transition process.
Calypso is a software company that builds tools for trusted ai. using calypso, any team can rapidly develop, test, and deploy artificial intelligence and data science systems that are natively secure, robust, and explainable to enhance their mission.
We at csaconsulting help public sector clients collaborate, develop and implement strategies and roadmaps for government programs that help drive results. today’s public sector environment is complex and challenging. agencies need to be agile, self-monitoring and always looking over-the-horizon. they need to create strategies, assess their ability to execute and communicate internally and externally and this is what we provide.

Self-defense gadgets : Stun guns, pepper spray, batons, paracords, personal safety alarms GPS trackers : Child , pet and luggage tracker. Anti-theft produucts : Door security alarms, bluetooth trackers Spy devices Drones
Applied Intuition provides software infrastructure to safely develop, test, and deploy autonomous vehicles at scale. Industry leading companies of all sizes use Applied to comprehensively test and rapidly accelerate their autonomous vehicle development.
We deliver the most advanced Enterprise #RPA Platform, built for business and IT. As you strive to benefit in the Automation First Era, your digital transformation accelerates here.

• More than 2,750 enterprise customers and government agencies use UiPath's Enterprise RPA platform to rapidly deploy software robots that perfectly emulate and execute repetitive processes, boosting business productivity, ensuring compliance and enhancing customer experience across back-office and front-office operations.

• Our technology is used by thousands of companies particularly in document management, contact center, healthcare, finance and accounting, human resources, and supply chains and to address major technical challenges, including data extraction and migration, process automation, application integration and business process outsourcing.

• We encourage the best minds to contribute and create the next leap in RPA. More than 300,000 developers of all ranks are building upon the UiPath Community Edition, and to support this growing pool of talent, we brought UiPath Academy to the world as the first open online training and certification platform dedicated to RPA users. More than 200,000 users spanning all continents have enrolled in at least one of our online courses since its launch in April 2017.

Defendify is a cybersecurity platform designed specifically for small businesses. Defendify partners with channel resellers to offer a holistic solution with a single goal: to help secure small businesses from existing and evolving threats. The Defendify all-in-one cybersecurity platform features multiple layers of defense, simplified program management, risk scoring, alerts, notifications, reports, recommendations, and a full suite of easy-to-use cybersecurity tools.
We will help you obliterate BEC attacks, annihilate spear phishing, and eliminate email identity deception, so you can trust your inbox. We stop advanced email attacks such as spear-phishing, account takeover, and business email compromise. Eliminate fake email messages from imposters posing as trusted colleagues, associates and friends to defraud your business. Protect your brand from being hijacked to attack customers with deceptive emails designed to steal consumer account passwords, commit credit card fraud and identity theft. Prevent highly-targeted attacks by cybercriminals designed to steal passwords through malicious URLs, resulting in data breached, fraud or theft of intellectual property. Stop cyber attacks that use compromised email accounts to launch targeted email attacks against your organization. Block hackers from using deceptive emails to penetrate otherwise secure business systems and steal confidential information.
We build high-end Electro-Optic surveillance systems for Strategic and Commercial buyers. These products are researched and proven at India's most discerning clients for land and aerospace applications. Our vision is to become a global leader in providing Security solutions to National & International Defence and Aerospace organizations. The company envisages to become a player of reckoning in Homeland security, Defense Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance & Machine Vision.
The Company is registered in Ahmedabad, Gujarat as a registered MSME engaged in the business of developing and providing breakthrough technology innovation solutions for various applications such as Electro-Optics, Camera, Electronic Hardware, Military and Defence, Optoelectronics, Airport Surveillance, Critical Asset Tracking, etc. Prototyping facility, R&D and Sales office is located in Bangalore. The company is currently raising funds for commercial production.
Strategic data systems, inc. (sds) has been providing information technology (it) services and solutions for over 20 years. today, we provide it, cyber security, contact center and engineering support to various u.s. department of defense organizations as well as other federal agencies and commercial companies. we focus on our customers and have earned a reputation for exceptional service and responsiveness. founded in san diego, california in 1997, our corporate office is now located in keller, texas.
KTS designs, develops, and produces products based on the needs of our military customers.   These products range from rapid prototype proof of concept units to full-fledged production systems. KTS continues to provide leading IRCM, aircraft survivability, and digital interoperability consulting expertise. These services range from complex architecture development through a product life cycle and culminating  with data analysis.
Procore helps firms drastically increase project efficiency and accountability by streamlining and mobilizing project communications and documentation. This real time data and accessibility minimizes costly risks and delays—ultimately boosting profits. Using our award-winning suite of project management tools, over a million registered Procore users across the globe manage all types of construction projects including industrial plants, office buildings, apartment complexes, university facilities, retail centers, and more.
Databricks' vision is to dramatically simplify big data processing. It was founded by the team that created and continues to drive Apache Spark, a powerful open source data processing engine built for sophisticated analytics, ease of use, and speed. Databricks offers a cloud-based integrated workspace for big data that lets users go from data ingest, to visual exploration and production jobs, making it easy to turn data into value, without the hassle of managing complex infrastructure, systems and tools. Databricks is venture-backed by Andreessen Horowitz and NEA.
Founded in 2005, semanticbits specializes in the design and development of digital health services. we develop cutting-edge solutions to complex problems for commercial, academic, and government organizations. our agile software engineering methodology enables development of commercial-quality products at an affordable price.
Traditional browsers run on blind trust. silo assumes zero trust by running the browser in the cloud. web code can’t be trusted. organizations know that every page view means risk to the business. we restore your trust in the web through isolation, control and audit of the browser. we execute all web code on our servers. we enable you to control the browser and govern use of the web, just like you would any enterprise solution.
AEye’s technology evolved from co-founder and CEO Luis Dussan’s work in designing reconnaissance, targeting, and defense systems for fighter jets. Dussan realized that a self-driving vehicle faces a similar challenge: it must be able to see, classify, and respond to an object – whether it is a parked car or a child crossing the street – in real time and before it’s too late. This demands the vehicle to think like a robot, but perceive like a human.
Cybereason delivers a proprietary technology platform that automatically uncovers malicious operations (Malops™) and reconstructs them as a clear image of a cyberattack in context. This enables enterprises to discover sophisticated targeted threats at a very early stage, disrupt them at the stem and significantly reduce the costs and damages caused by such attacks. Cybereason is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with offices in Tel Aviv, Israel.
8x8 cloud solutions help businesses transform their customer and employee experience. with one system of engagement for voice, video, collaboration and contact center and one system of intelligence on one technology platform, businesses can now communicate faster and smarter to exceed the speed of customer expectations.
Ike’s mission is to make trucks safer, truckers more valued, and trucking more productive.

Automation is going to matter to everyone and it is important that these new technologies are well designed, carefully tested, and improve people’s lives. Ike is bringing together the world’s leading experts in transportation and robotics to build products that will improve truck driver livelihoods, create jobs, reduce greenhouse emissions, and improve transportation. Our goal is to build a real commercial product at scale.

We are based in San Francisco and have a passion for trucks, deep experience in robotics, and a humble and collaborative culture. We’re assembling a team with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We are hiring for many technical and cross-functional roles and would love to hear from you!
RigUp empowers the men and women who power the world. We are the energy industry’s marketplace for service providers.

Our vision is to empower all the men and women who power the world by creating economic opportunity and building community across the strongest network in the energy industry.

Our mission is to transform the energy industry into an efficient, highly effective landscape where buyers and service-providers connect effortlessly to get the job done—whenever, wherever.

We are rapidly building the strongest network of service providers in the industry by offering unparalleled opportunities. RigUp’s exclusive technology enables us to eliminate the wasteful underutilization of the traditional energy workforce by better managing supply and demand.

We’ve become a proven, trusted player in our space, and we’re not slowing down—we have great opportunities for further growth, with a very interesting product and technical challenges and ample room for career development.

Our primary product is a service called Greenfield, a NIST 800-171 compliant computing environment, targeted towards cleared defense contractors designed to protect government data. We've leveraged the code we've written for Greenfield to provide DevOps support to other clients that need similar secure cloud computing environments.
Technology accelerates progress and connects the world with new possibilities. Now take that idea, aim it at the healthcare landscape, and you’ve got a technology platform we call NORA®. It’s our Network Oriented Research Assistant that brings research directly to patients in their homes through telemedicine.

In the real-world, time makes or breaks a project; distance means limits. We designed NORA as the solution: Reach patients wherever they are, cut the distance in the physical world, and ensure end-to-end management in a clinical trial. Sounds dreamy, right? It’s technology built to humanize science from the first steps of trial design. A tech triumph, it’s a practical, innovative way to make a positive impact on our communities.

Maybe you’ve pictured science as something that can only come from a sterile lab. That’s not us. We’re actively meeting needs in underserved populations. We’re bustling and tinkering with breakthrough technology. And we’re always mindful about how science can serve the world. Bold in our approach, we’re changing the healthcare landscape for the better and making science a focal point in people’s lives. Inclusiveness, collaboration, and the extraordinarily awesome define us.

Modulus is transforming time-consuming and laborious construction service into an Instant DIY (Do it Yourself) product. Inspired by the Swedish furniture maker, IKEA, Modulus envisions to make infrastructure instantaneous and accessible to anyone and everyone. MediCAB, FarmCAB, Foldable Houses are a few of the products launched by Modulus to address different sectors. MediCAB decentralized the health infra by enabling easy setup of micro-hospitals in rural India. Similarly, Foldable houses tackle the challenges faced by migrant workers. Modulus is working on different sectors starting from disaster relief to defense and military!
Whoosh. no more trudging through rush hour or waiting in weekend works. download the app and get whizzing around on our bright, shareable, zero-emission e-scooters. think of them as your secret super power, activated as easily as tap, push, zooooom.
We started our company in 2006 in order to provide companies with the ability to help create systems that can aid with the production of complex products and systems. We aim to improve quality and reliability of product development through our proprietary system. Over the years we have worked with over 600 companies, and helped bring many great ideas and products to market. We have a proven track record of being able to help companies improve overall acceptance of their products, and improve their overall production times. Our software also aids companies in keeping their products in legal compliance as well.
Product : Electronics What does it help customers do: Shopmonk brings alive a selection of curated brands at unbeatable prices Customer : Techophiles within the 20-32 age group (SEC-A)
Tab for a Cause is the easiest way to do good every day.

We believe everybody should make a difference in the world. Tab for a Cause empowers you to raise money for critical, on-the-ground nonprofit work just by surfing the web—every browser tab you open gives money, for free. Our community has raised nearly $1M for incredible organizations like Conservation International, Save the Children, GiveDirectly, and the NAACP Legal Defense Fund.

Tab for a Cause is a better new tab page. It includes beautiful background photos, efficiency-improving notes and to-do lists, and social impact.. Each time you open a tab, we earn money from ads on the page, a portion of which we give to the non-profits you choose to support.

Join in: tab.gladly.io
+ we're hiring! tab.gladly.io/jobs

We envision a world where everyone is empowered to support the causes they care about, regardless of income or time constraints. We are in beta with our second product, Search for a Cause, which raises money for charity each time users search the web.

We are the company behind Elasticsearch, the innovative and advanced open source distributed search engine with millions of downloads. In order to support the ever-growing user base, the company was founded in 2012 by the people behind Elasticsearch and Apache Lucene.

Elasticsearch is rapidly becoming the world’s most popular open source search solution. With Elasticsearch embedded as a part of mission-critical production environments, we’re now providing reliable and scalable support and professional services. To give our customers unmatched support, the core engineering team that built and maintains our open source search engine is the same team training and consulting customers in various phases of the development and deployment cycles.

Founded in 2001, we have grown to serve over 16,000 customers and 7 million cloud users. Our company offers various services and solutions for a multitude of needs such as data migration, management and protection. We offer our clients numerous service to select from, ranging from cloud services to those that are on premises. We are headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey, but offer our services over five continents in 88 countries worldwide.
Interact with customers to answer general inquiries
Fortego provides end-to-end cno capabilities across the fields of cyber analytics, cyber engineering and vulnerability analysis. our continued success is rooted in our shared passion for technical excellence, as well as our appreciation for each other both on the job and off. we take pride in the close-knit feel of our company, where the fortego family is at the heart of everything we do, and we reward our people for those efforts.
Phreesia helps medical groups and health systems leverage patient intake to achieve their strategic objectives. When we founded Phreesia in 2005, we saw an opportunity to put innovative technology into the hands of patients to automate check-in and streamline front-office workflow. Over the last decade, our platform has evolved as we incorporated eligibility and benefits verification, built our own payments platform and integrated with the leading practice management and electronic medical record systems.
Since our very first day in 2015, mattermost has never wavered on its goal to transform the enterprise collaboration market by delivering the most compelling open source, high-trust messaging tools for security-conscious enterprises and developers. we’ve grown from our very first customer to thousands of companies downloading our messaging platform every month.
PDS Tech provides flexible, high-value contingent staffing and SOW solutions to corporate leaders in a variety of fields, from aerospace and defense to machinery, communications, energy, technology, and service industries.
We make pepper spray so cute, it hurts! We also make personal alarms, first-aid kits, etc. Anything that falls within safety, wellness, and living your best life is open to being re-imagined by us. Our products make safety accessible, approachable, giftable and fun. We aspire to have a brand that is known for it's adorable/effective products and great packaging, with a brand tone that is super-fun, cheeky, a little edgy and reflective of pop culture.
Accela is the leading provider of civic engagement solutions for government. Accela's platform software solutions and mobile apps improve core processes for city, county, state and federal governments while addressing the diverse needs of their constituents by making publicly available information more accessible. The Accela Civic Platform includes solutions for land management, asset and right of way management, licensing and case management, legislative management, recreation and resource management and more.
We are hackers. We also do original security research. Through collaborative discussions we select technical topics to investigate and then present any interesting findings we discover. Our priority is impact and we focus on systems used by millions (or billions) of people.

We are consultants. We offer consulting services to support clients in finding IT security solutions that best fit their needs, leveraging our unique experience to advise on both technical and managerial topics.

Most recently, we are developers. We created Autobahn, a vulnerability scanning tool, that draws from our hacker insight to provide clear and actionable reports on how to improve security quickly.

Recorded Future arms security teams with threat intelligence powered by patented machine learning to lower risk. Our technology automatically collects and analyzes information from an unrivaled breadth of sources and provides invaluable context that’s delivered in real time and packaged for human analysis or instant integration with existing security technology.
Rhombus is a Silicon Valley startup and NASA Research Park partner. We are leaders in bringing big-data insights to Enterprise planning and decision-making at strategic, operational and tactical levels. Our advisory board includes two Nobel Laureates and a Draper Prize winner. We choose to solve pressing problems in National Security and Energy sectors using cutting edge cross-disciplinary approaches. Are you ready to help the US win the AI race?
A service oriented company that delivers solutions that accelerates the growth of global clientele
Argo AI was founded to tackle one of the most challenging applications in computer science, robotics and artificial intelligence with self-driving vehicles. Argo AI is developing and deploying the latest advancements in artificial intelligence, machine learning and computer vision to help build safe and efficient self-driving vehicles that enable these transformations and more. The challenges are significant, but we are a team that believes in tackling hard, meaningful problems to improve the world.
We started Revolut in 2015 with a bold goal — to turn the financial world upside down. We are now building a global financial service just as progressive as today’s hyperconnected world.
Fee-free spending, currency exchange, international transfers, free ATM withdrawals, personal loans, insurance, cryptocurrency, stocks trading, budgeting control tools and much more.
We have a 2000+ team catering to over 10 million customers, based in 20 offices around the world: London, Krakow, New-York, Porto, Vilnius, Moscow, Saint-Petersburg, Singapore, Bucharest, Toronto & more.
Technology is now the fastest growing form of municipal waste in existence....For over 25 years, AnythingIT has been a leader in providing electronics recovery, recycling, and Department of Defense data wiping/destruction services. We service both Commercial enterprise IT organizations as well as Public Sector, Federal, State, Local Governments, Healthcare and Education organizations.
NSIN, the National Security Innovation Network, is an unrivaled problem-solving network that adapts to the emerging needs of those who serve in the defense of our national security. We are dedicated to the work of bringing together defense, academic and entrepreneurial innovators to solve national security problems in new ways.
Aegis AI automatically detects firearms in security camera feeds, then notifies the police and provides early warning to building occupants.
LearnToWin is a platform for creating courses in a micro-learning environment. We allow anyone to create highly engaging learning material and easily distribute it to their users and teams through a mobile-first platform. We work with a wide variety of clients from professional sports teams to the Department of Defense.
We are empowering people, teams, and organizations to build effective learning ecosystems, bringing the best of Silicon Valley to every learning situation.
Ox is the decision advantage tool for intelligence. We harness emerging technology and applied math to power national security decision-making; our product enables datafication of subjective judgments to enforce analytic rigor and drive decision advantage across the intel cycle. We are collaborating with senior stakeholders across the US and UK intelligence communities to design, develop, and deploy our solution.
ZeroEyes offers three platforms (ARES, APOLLO and SOCRATES) targeted at applying artificial intelligence and video analytics to enhance security and mitigate loss of life in critical situations.
SimpleSense speeds emergency response by digitizing information sharing between first responders and private security operations, including automated 911 alerts when an emergency begins.
Wind Craft Aviation (WCA) develops aviation and energy technologies for high-impact applications in emerging markets. SJX, our aircraft in development, is an electric vertical take-off aircraft designed to deliver aid, evacuate civilians, and provide electricity after natural disasters or in areas of conflict. Through unique design and proprietary systems, SJX matches and exceeds the range and speed of rescue helicopters for a fraction of the cost. Democratizing aviation but more importantly giving critical humanitarian missions access to vertical lift capabilities well beyond utility helicopters. Very simply, we overcome aviation's severely dated technology and practices by creating an entirely new technological architecture in the design of our aircraft. WCA has a unique and privileged commercialization strategy, our initial markets are accessible and currently untapped. WCA's advancements in E-VTOL Hardware are disruptive, competitively sensitive, and provides vast market differentiation, making SJX one of the only commercially viable examples of EVTOL aircraft.

WCA is lead by a young pioneer of drone technology, an attorney and veteran of start-up commercialization, an engineer with defense work experience, a Lt. Col A-10 and F-16 Pilot, and a network of advisors, investors, and commercialization resources.
We are building a diverse team with a wide breadth of experience - including engineers from Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft; NCAA D1 athletes; and Stanford MBAs. We want to fundamentally transform how teams learn and execute.
Customized drones developed for various niche applications
Introduction to the Brand:

InDefense is a social initiative driving the innovation, research and development of future safety and security devices.

We employ cutting edge technologies and design thinking to solve some of the biggest challenges in the field of personal safety and security.

Our product line offering includes emergency response devices as well as self defense devices for immediate response at the time of an eventuality.


Mission:

Our mission is to create an intervention at the time of an attack (of any nature) and give a chance of survival to the victim, without having to rely upon a third party for the emergency response.


Vision:

The vision is to create a future for the next generation which is safe and secure: an environment of safety and security in which our children can live with peace and prosperity.


Products:

InDefense is designing its first product line, which includes:

- A self defense weapon which can be used by one and all
- A tracking device which is capable of activating emergency response without the need of intervention by the user - designed for children and the elderly
HubSpot is the world’s leading inbound marketing and sales platform. Since 2006, HubSpot has been on a mission to make the world more inbound. Today, over 10,000 customers in 65 countries use HubSpot’s software, services, and support to transform the way they attract, engage, and delight customers. HubSpot’s inbound marketing software, ranked #1 in customer satisfaction by VentureBeat and G2Crowd, includes social media publishing and monitoring, blogging, SEO, website content management, email marketing, marketing automation, and reporting and analytics, all in one integrated platform. Signals, HubSpot’s award-winning sales application, enables sales and service teams to have more effective conversations with leads, prospects, and customers. HubSpot is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with an office in Dublin, Ireland, and has been recognized by Inc., Forbes, and Deloitte as one of the world’s fastest-growing companies.
Datadog is a monitoring and analytics platform for large-scale application infrastructure and applications. Combining metrics, traces, and logs from servers, databases, and applications, Datadog delivers sophisticated, actionable alerts, and provides real-time visibility of your entire stack. Datadog includes 350+ vendor-supported, pre-built integrations, and monitors hundreds of thousands of hosts

We Are the Future We lead with a champion mindset to accelerate transformation. Bring your passion to Hitachi Vantara. Make an impact on our business and help our customers. Each of us can contribute to a better tomorrow, and you can start today. Each and every person at Hitachi Vantara has a positive impact. The ways we act, lead and work create outcomes that matter. Collectively, we are part of a strong culture of teams that collaborate to reach a common goal. Join us and bring your passion for innovation and creating what's next. People are our greatest assets. They drive us to make the highest possible impact on society and the environment.

Venafi is a private cybersecurity company, focusing on securing the machine identities of the Global 5000. We are innovators, and one of the only companies solely focused on machine certification and identity protection. Venefi has been a pioneer in the field since 2000.

Earn your college degree from the best universities with high-quality online college courses from StraighterLine guaranteed to fit into your degree program.
The SimSpace Cyber Range provides realistic environments, adversary attack campaigns, and training and assessment tools for your organization's cybersecurity developmental, testing, and training requirements. The Cyber Range makes complex and laborious network environments simple to recreate and provides accessible, affordable, and sophisticated solutions.
SyncFab is a decentralized buyer- to-manufacturer platform aggregating orders matching requirements to capabilities on the Smart Manufacturing Blockchain Supply Chain utilizing our Smart Contracts to streamline procurement processes with a world first MFG Token.
SyncFab built a manufacturing procurement platform linking Advanced Manufacturing capacity to Brand Supply Chain Buyers. SyncFab was developed in response to an economic development challenge shared by San Leandro City as part of the San Francisco Mayor's Office of Civic Innovation Startup-in-Residence Program 2016. The industry solution identifies idle precision component production capacity and makes it available to buyers with a suite of simple and easy to use supply chain management tools.
SyncFab was also recognized as member of the White House-appointed & Department of Energy sponsored Clean Energy Smart Manufacturing Innovation Initiative within the Department of Commerce's National Network of Manufacturing Innovation.
We are an operational and transactional Enterprise NoSQL database platform trusted by global organizations to integrate their most critical data. Designed to integrate data from silos better, faster, and with less cost, we can help you integrate data and build your 360-degree view up to four times faster than if using a traditional database. And, you don't have to sacrifice any of the enterprise features required for storing and managing mission-critical data.
Synack, the most trusted crowdsourced security testing platform, delivers smarter penetration testing to security teams who need a scalable, efficient way to test their attack surfaces on a continuous cadence and get actionable results. Synack’s crowdsourced penetration test is powered by the world's most skilled and trusted ethical hackers and augmented by AI-enabled technology to give customers the best of human intelligence and machine intelligence. Headquartered in Silicon Valley with regional offices around the world, Synack protects leading global banks, federal agencies, DoD classified assets, and close to $1 trillion in Fortune 500 revenue. A 4-time CNBC Disruptor 50 company, Synack was founded in 2013 by former NSA security experts Jay Kaplan, CEO, and Dr. Mark Kuhr, CTO. For more information, please visit synack.com.
Finix is the smartest way for businesses to own, manage and monetize payments. Created by payments experts from First Data, PayPal, and Worldpay, Finix is trusted by companies like Lightspeed POS Inc. and Clubessential. to build and scale their payments infrastructure. Headquartered in San Francisco, with an additional office in Cincinnati, Ohio, Finix is a privately held company funded by Bain Capital Ventures, Homebrew, Insight Partners, Aspect Ventures, Visa, Precursor Ventures, Class 5 Global, and Village Capital.
Bazaarvoice connects brands, retailers and consumers in the world's largest shopper network, delivering ROI through reviews, analytics and targeted media.
Upgrade’s founding team pioneered fintech over a decade ago. in 2017 we launched upgrade to create a new banking experience that seeks to eliminate fees on everyday transactions and offer access to lower-cost credit through cards and loans. in 2 short years 8 million people have applied for an upgrade card or loan, and over $2 billion in affordable credit has been extended to our users. our latest innovation, upgrade card, launched in october 2019, combines the point-of-sale convenience and flexibility of a credit card with the low cost and predictability of an installment loan.
we believe users will get unique value by combining a new banking experience that seeks to eliminate fees on everyday transactions with access to affordable and responsible credit products, free credit monitoring, credit alerts and education tools.
We’re thinkers and designers of civic technology. We work holistically across engineering, research, design, and operations to proactively envision the services of a better future. We build with empathy and inclusion, and as we come from many backgrounds and countries ourselves, we seek and value different perspectives. We’d love for you to come join us.
Nava is a public benefit corporation working to radically improve how government serves people. Formed as a team of designers and engineers in the effort to fix HealthCare.gov in 2013, Nava now works with Medicare and the Department of Veterans Affairs. With a strong research practice and a depth of experience scaling digital services, Nava helps more than sixty million people access critical government services. As a public benefit corporation, Nava measures itself by its social impact: enrolling millions in healthcare and saving taxpayers tens of millions of dollars.
Traditional cybersecurity solutions continue to use outdated and ineffective detect-and-respond strategies—a risky security approach for organizations moving critical business systems to the cloud. Menlo Security sees enterprises transforming their infrastructure driven by the adoption of SaaS. The adoption of SaaS is happening faster than people anticipated in the average enterprise. Secure cloud transformation is about how you can take control of this sea change and undertake the transformation on your terms.
Cloud transformation means new ways that data flows into and out of the organization, new impacts on user performance and a loss of a central security control point for the cybersecurity team. Organizations need a cloud security platform that takes these dynamic challenges into account and delivers the complete network security stack from the cloud.
Menlo Security's Cloud Platform uses an isolation Core to execute web sessions away from the endpoint and deliver only safely ren
ByteLion is a high-end software development firm focused on building modern software applications for innovators in the startups and corporate world. We build software using full design teams and coupled with well-trained professional engineers. Our clients range from small to big names in their perspective industries. The Senior Python Developer role requires high attention to detail, initiative and organizational skills and a desire to work in a fast-paced, innovative growth environment.
Tanium provides security and endpoint management services that deliver instant visibility and responsiveness. Tanium allows IT professionals to manage hundreds of thousands of devices in real-time, allowing enterprises to find, track, and fix issues immediately. Tanium offers a comprehensive set of solution areas that cover all the needs of an enterprise, allowing resolution across an entire network in seconds.
Cloud-based modeling and planning for sales, operations, and finance. Anaplan is disrupting the world of business modeling and planning. We built our platform from the ground up to empower companies to plan, collaborate, and act—in real time. Anaplan enables business users across your organization to turn the complexity of your business operations into powerful, easy-to-use models. Stay ahead of critical business events, rapidly model potential impacts and course correct on the fly.
Lambda provides GPU hardware to the world's leading A.I. and Machine Learning researchers. Our hardware and software is optimized for Deep Learning right out of the box. That's way Apple, Tesla, Microsoft, NVIDIA, MIT, Princeton, and Stanford choose Lambda.
We develop and market a suite of software products and services, to support out clients in improving energy efficiency and design, analyze, optimize and manufacture industrial machinery. Think: Power Gen, Clean Tech, Oil & Gas, Automotive & Defense sectors). We are 50 people, 5 offices, 200+ major clients and looking to build out our Sales & Marketing team as we create new products.
Our company provides the best kind of cloud solutions for our customers. We provide geospatial information, cloud migration, and DevOps in the federal, state, and local business spheres. It's our job to make sure that our customers are always up to date with their data.
Our mission is to provide content and commerce to communities around the world, with a focus on high- growth markets. This includes South Africa and the rest of Sub-Saharan Africa, China, Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe, Russia and India.
stackArmor provides FedRAMP, FISMA/RMF, and CMMC compliance acceleration solutions to compliance-focused customers including the US Government, Department of Defense, Defense contractors, Startups, Healthcare, and Education organizations. stackArmor ThreatAlert® is an AWS vetted FedRAMP compliance accelerator that helps reduce the time and cost of an ATO by 40%.
Our clients include large US Government agencies including General Services Agency (GSA), US Department of Agriculture, Health & Human Services/FDA, US Treasury, US Department of Education (ED/FSA), Department of Transportation and State organizations like the District of Columbia’s Health Benefits Exchange (HBX) amongst others.
stackArmor is recognized by Amazon Web Services (AWS) for strong Public Sector and Security competencies on the AWS platform and is 1 of 10 inaugural launch partner firms globally for the AWS Security Competency.
Better is redefining homeownership and making it simpler, faster—and most importantly—more accessible for everyone. We leverage technology and expertise to find ways that we can make the homebuying journey more approachable and understandable.

-Right now we’re funding over $1 billion in home loans per month
-We’ve funded over $14 billion in loans and $3.5 billion in insurance
-We ranked #11 on Fortune’s Best Places to Work in Financial Services 2020
-Our Founder and CEO was named in Comparably's Top 25 CEOs for Diversity
-We were listed to Forbes’ FinTech 50 2020
-And #13 on the 2020 CNBC Disruptor 50
-We’ve secured over $254 million from our investors to date

Our mission speaks for itself—we continue to outpace the industry at every turn. We’ve recently joined forces in partnership with Ally Bank, and our backers have helped build some of the most transformative tech and finance companies in history. Kleiner Perkins, Goldman Sachs, American Express, Citigroup, Activant Capital, Ally Bank, and others have invested in our vision for what homeownership can be.

Aviatrix is the first and only provider of cloud-native networking software that embraces and extends the native constructs of the public clouds to deliver the simplicity and automation of the cloud with the visibility and control enterprises require. Legacy data center networking solutions are cloud “naïve” and bring complexity and the manual operations of the 90s data center. At the same time, basic networking services and constructs from the cloud providers lack all the functionality, visibility and control required by enterprises.
Phoenix Tailings, is building the future of mining technology to revolutionize the way in which primary metals are extracted. We aim to bring in a new era of sustainability and resource efficiency into the working of mining & metals.

Our first goal is to enable the recycling and re-mining of Bauxite Residue (“Red Mud”) - a hazardous by-product in the aluminum industry - to extract strategic materials which are critical to the Defense, Automotive, Electronics and Biotech industries. The company was founded with the mission to revolutionize the mining industry by enabling new sources of strategic materials, sustainably and economically.

Founded by scientists from MIT, Northeastern and UConn, Phoenix Tailings has successfully completed the initial proof of concept at lab scale extracting Rare Earth Elements and Iron Powder with the support of a top alumina refinery.
Our capabilities span three business units: engineering & technology, flight operations, and intelligence solutions. through this combination of end-to-end services, we provide agile and customized approaches to the full spectrum of airborne intelligence collection needs. our team supports projects both large and small, including turn-key contractor-owned, contractor-operated (coco), government-owned, contractor-operated (goco), and contractor-owned, government-operated (cogo) services to the dod, other government agencies, and commercial businesses.
Founded in 1970, RPS is a leading global professional services firm of 5,000 consultants and service providers. Operating in 125 countries, working across six continents we define, design, and manage projects that create shared value to a complex, urbanizing, and resource-scarce world.

We work across six sectors: property, energy, transport, water, resources, defense, and government services. Our services span twelve clusters: project and program management; design and development; water services; environment; advisory and management consulting; exploration and development; planning and approvals; health, safety, and risk; oceans and coastal; laboratories; training and communication and creative services.

We stand out for our clients by using deep expertise to solve problems that matter, making them easy to understand and by being easy to work with
Our numerous clients includes Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Institute for Plasma Research, Army Simulator Development Division, Space Application Centre, Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, AllyGrow, NIT Jamshedpur, IIT Bombay, Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology, Centre for Development of Advanced Computing, etc.
SVR InfoTech is a young organization of young people and creative minds, mentored by industry veterans. We are in the business of Engineering Design services, Robotics and Finite Element Analysis. SVR InfoTech is associated with VSSC ISRO for value-added partnership of indigenously developed engineering simulation and analysis software FEAST. We are researching and developing various robotics and automation products for defense, nuclear, space science, industrial and educational applications.
Our company selects, implements and optimizes the best technology and business solutions to accelerate the digital transformation process. We use our robust technological knowledge to create value and differentiate. Our work is supported by the best methods and tools. It's our job to make sure that our customers are always satisfied with us.
Collibra is the Data Intelligence company. We accelerate trusted business outcomes by connecting the right data, insights and algorithms to all Data Citizens. Our cloud-based platform connects IT and the business to build a data-driven culture for the digital enterprise. Global organizations choose Collibra to unlock the value of their data and turn it into a strategic, competitive asset. We have a diverse global footprint, with offices in the US, Belgium, Australia, France, UK, Czech Republic and Poland.
RiskIQ is the leader in digital threat management, providing the most comprehensive discovery, intelligence, and mitigation of threats associated with an organization’s digital presence. With more than 80 percent of attacks originating outside the firewall, RiskIQ allows enterprises to gain unified insight and control over web, social, and mobile exposures. Trusted by thousands of security analysts, RiskIQ’s platform combines advanced internet data reconnaissance and analytics to expedite investigations, understand digital attack surfaces, assess risk, and take action to protect business, brand, and customers. Based in San Francisco, the company is backed by Summit Partners, Battery Ventures, Georgian Partners, and MassMutual Ventures.
Talend is a next generation leader in big data and cloud integration solutions that helps companies become data driven by making data more accessible, improving its quality and quickly moving data where it’s needed for real-time decision making. By simplifying big data through these steps, Talend enables companies to act with insight based on accurate, real-time information about their business, customers, and industry. Talend (Nasdaq: TLND) is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.
Domino is helping the world run on models. Data Science teams at model-driven companies use our platform to accelerate breakthrough research, increase collaboration, and rapidly deliver high-impact models. Our customers are sophisticated analytical organizations including Allstate, Tesla, Dell, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. Backed by Sequoia Capital, Zetta Venture Partners, Bloomberg Beta, and Coatue Management, we are at the epicenter of the data science revolution: helping companies build better cars, develop more effective medicine, or simply recommend the best song to play next.
We are a leader in AI-based network detection and response (NDR) solution for cloud, data center and enterprise infrastructures in real time, while empowering security analysts to perform conclusive incident investigations and AI-assisted threat hunting. Comprehensive cyberattack detection and response is mandatory in today’s hostile data environments, and the stakes have never been higher. No other company comes as close as us in proactively hunting down cyberattackers and reducing business risk. Our core team consists of threat researchers, white hats, data scientists, network security engineers, and UI designers. We constantly push the boundaries of what's possible to drive the next generation of security.
ThreatSwitch is no ordinary SaaS startup. We're reinventing the way enterprises do security and privacy compliance, and we count among our customers some of the best known companies in the world.
If you want to be a part of a startup, but want to work with customers like Intel, Iron Mountain, and McKinsey, join us. If you want to shape the future of a rapidly growing company that has a real product that solves one of the most important problems facing large companies today, join us. If you want to join a team whose job descriptions start with "help each other first," join us. If you want a maximum flexibility environment where where and when you work counts less than getting s#!$ done, join us.
Abl space systems was founded by former spacex engineering leaders in 2017 to develop low-cost launch vehicles for the small satellite industry. we are headquartered in el segundo, california, where it has 30,000 square feet of facilities for research, development, and production. we have established a test site in st. marys, georgia with 10,000 square feet of integration and testing facilities on a 200 acre site. we are a team of over 20 world-class aerospace engineers with experience at spacex, virgin orbit, boeing, lockheed martin, pratt + whitney, and elsewhere. we are a privately-owned corporation backed by a premier group of private equity investors.
We offer a proprietary system which factually and directly assists universities, students and faculty to exit their intents with effectiveness. We are made up of a core group of people and a core group of tools which deploy to assist by providing tools for learning and study, for better management, for self learning, assessment, improvement and planning. Inclusive herein are live classes, tech tools, compliance assistance, compatibility programs and much more.
High-precision brand engagement for a digital-smart world
Vinted is a P2P mobile social marketplace for pre-loved clothing. Today Vinted unites more than 8 mln. members in Europe and the US. As one of the most successful start-ups in the Baltic countries, Vinted is aiming to change the shopping habits all over the world, making second hand the first choice.
Vinted started of as a hobby project of two friends Justas and Milda, who had an ordinary dilemma – what to do with clothes we don’t wear anymore. A simple website found many admirers in its home country Lithuania and abroad, and then ended up growing into the full-fledged international company. On a quest to gather an open community and build a product that helps it change shopping habits, Vinted keeps spreading the style-sharing experience; it creates a way to enjoy shopping for less and supports mindful consumption by growing a community that puts resources to good use instead of growing landfills.
Rescale offers industry-leading software platforms and hardware infrastructure for companies to perform scientific and engineering simulations. our mission is to provide highly powerful simulation platforms that empower the world's engineers, scientists, developers, and cio and it professionals to design innovative products, develop robust applications, and transform it into unified, agile environments.
founded in early 2011 by joris poort and adam mckenzie, rescale has quickly become the leading simulation and hpc solution provider. we are located in the heart of san francisco and brings the latest silicon valley technology to customers around the world. our team consists of industry thought leaders, computer scientists, and domain experts.
We are a recognized global leader in multiple enterprise technology markets. Markets called intelligent business process management systems (iBPMS), dynamic case management (DCM), digital process automation (DPA), and low-code development.
Auterion is the drone software platform built for enterprise that makes large-scale drone operations simple, safe and fully integrated in workflows.

With offices in California and Switzerland, we’ve raised $25M in venture-backed funding from investors such as Lakestar, Mosaic Ventures, Costanoa Ventures, and Tectonic Ventures. Our global customers include General Electric (GE) Aviation, Quantum Systems, Impossible Aerospace, and the U.S. Department of Defense.

We’re leaders in an open source movement bigger than ourselves and we’ve been on the same mission for over a decade, beginning with Pixhawk and the revolutionary PX4 software created by our co-founder Lorenz Meier.
Our mission is to be the drone platform of choice for enterprise, government and drone manufacturers, while accelerating the drone industry by driving forward open standards to create a common, future-proof roadmap in a thriving, open ecosystem of buyers and vendors.
Evolution IQ provides a vertical Ai driven claims automation and intelligence platform for the world’s most innovative insurance companies. We’re delivering cognition and reasoning to one of the most data-rich but analytics-poor industries by unlocking their own 'dark data,' which have never before been ingested or used in a systematic tool.
Evolution uses cutting edge advances in Natural Language Processing, transfer learning and unstructured data extraction to read and understand insurance claims like a human investigator would, but find anomalies and inconsistencies as only a computer can. The result is a scalable first line of defense against insurance claims fraud.
Wandera’s pioneering web gateway for mobile provides organizations with Enterprise Mobile Security and Data Management.

A recognized leader in the space, Wandera’s security solution includes Mobile Threat Defense, designed to identify vulnerabilities and protect devices from targeted mobile attacks. Powerful Content Filtering features extend this protection by allowing organizations to manage unapproved device usage and reduce data exposures on a proactive basis.

Wandera’s Data Management services harness a similar set of technologies to give businesses control of their mobile data usage. With unparalleled visibility into how work-assigned devices are being used, admins can create bespoke policies that reduce data consumption, prevent bill shock and improve productivity.
Unity is the world’s leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity’s platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices. The company’s 1,400+ person research and development team keeps Unity at the forefront of development by working alongside partners to ensure optimized support for the latest releases and platforms. Apps developed by Unity creators were downloaded more than three billion times per month in 2019 on more than two billion unique devices. For more information, please visit unity.com.
BeyondTrust delivers privilege access management solutions for your organization, ensuring security from data breaches, misused privileges and compromised remote access. At BeyondTrust, meet all of these needs by unifying the industry’s broadest set of privileged access capabilities with centralized management, reporting, and analytics, simplifying integration while simultaneously enhancing user productivity. We deliver privilege security in a simplified and inclusive platform, mitigating both internal and external threats to your organization.
Singularis is a mechanical engineering firm specializing in electro-mechanical system design, technical engineering analysis, complex product development, and manufacturing assistance & implementation.
Mendix is the app platform company for the enterprise. We enable companies to build, integrate and deploy web and mobile applications faster and with better results, effectively driving ROI in days not months. We've seen firsthand how painful, frustrating, and unsuccessful application development projects can be. Mendix was founded on the premise that if you make development radically faster and simpler while improving collaboration between IT and the business, you'll deliver better applications and drive significant business value.

We offer end-to-end System Integration and Engineering Services, and provide superior maintenance, support, knowledge transfer, capacity building, and upgradation of cyber-physical systems.

Highly adept in building from ground-up large scale distributed type infrastructure, we are positioned on the bleeding edge of technology paradigms with development and integration experience in IoT, Data Analytics, High Speed Networking, Cyber Security, Cloud Computation, and Artificial Intelligence.

Our OEM and channel partners too are market leaders of their domains and provide exemplary products and services like Operations Platforms, Edge Devices, Optimization solutions, Networking, Cloud infrastructure, and Peripherals.

ESSI has laid over 3,000 km of dark fibre, integrated over 100,000 peripheral devices, and established command and control (C2) infrastructure in many mission critical environments. We strive to deliver the most usable, secure, and future-proof solutions in the market.
Predata is the leading AI-company for uncovering predictive behavior in online activity. The company has built the world’s most comprehensive predictive analytics platform for geopolitical risk, enabling customers with global exposure to discover, quantify, and act upon dynamic shifts in online attention. The Predata platform provides users with quantitative measurements of digital concern and predictive indicators for thousands of factors covering any given country, operational footprint, economic trend, or other area of interest. For further information, visit predata.com.
Spire is a satellite-powered data company that tackles the world’s most unpredictable business challenges with truly global data solutions. By providing unique data from any point on Earth, every hour, Spire offers a competitive advantage for organizations that require insight into areas such as global trade, weather, shipping and supply chain, illegal fishing, and maritime domain awareness. To learn more, visit: spire.com. Spire is looking for exceptional people to join its fast-growing team. Challenge yourself, apply today! spire.com/careers
Security is hard. Breaches are happening daily. We watch over the networks of small and medium size businesses. We don't bother them with noise, we give them clear actions to take to make their network safe and clean.  A small appliance is dropped into the customer network. It gathers network information that we analyze with a combination of automated tools and a team of security experts. The customer gets human created instructions on addressing the issues or changing the network. 
SpaceX successfully achieved the historic first reflight of an orbital class rocket in 2017, and the company now regularly launches flight-proven rockets. In 2018, SpaceX began launching Falcon Heavy, the world’s most powerful operational rocket by a factor of two.

As one of the world’s fastest growing providers of launch services, SpaceX has secured over 100 missions to its manifest, representing over $12 billion on contract. These include commercial satellite launches as well as US government missions. SpaceX’s Dragon spacecraft is flying numerous cargo resupply missions to the space station under a series of Commercial Resupply Services contracts. Dragon was designed from the outset to carry humans to space and will soon fly astronauts under NASA’s Commercial Crew Program.

Building on the achievements of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy, SpaceX is working on a next generation of fully reusable launch vehicles that will be the most powerful ever built, capable of carrying humans to Mars and other destinations in the solar system.
SpaceX designs, manufactures and launches advanced rockets and spacecraft. The company was founded in 2002 to revolutionize space technology, with the ultimate goal of enabling people to live on other planets.
Hypersphere HS-5k system for continuous surveillance is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) (1-4 days endurance), along with ground infrastructure required to provide Remote Sensing (RS) data in real time.

HS-5k system - a disruptive innovation into UAV and RS industries:
Yellow Jacket is a patent pending iPhone® 4 & 4S case housing a 650,000 volt stun gun designed for personal protection. The Yellow Jacket case also contains its own battery, which provides up to 20 additional hours of charge to the phone. Yellow Jacket was made for iPhone® 4 & 4S owners that find themselves on the go -- independent professionals on job, frequent travelers or students entering college – as a convenient, reliable and non-lethal form of self-defense.

UAV Industry: HS-5k per-flight-hour expenses are 10-15 times lower than other unmanned systems in the same class

RS Industry:market price for 20 cm/px image: ~$65; HS-5k production cost for 20cm/px image: $0.15.
SpaceX has gained worldwide attention for a series of historic milestones. It is the only private company capable of returning a spacecraft from low Earth orbit, which it first accomplished in 2010. The company made history again in 2012 when its Dragon spacecraft became the first commercial spacecraft to deliver cargo to and from the International Space Station.
Protocol Labs is a research, development, and deployment lab for network protocols. We create software systems that tackle significant challenges. We aim to solve them with new technology breakthroughs, great user experience design, and an open-source approach to creation. Join us: jobs.lever.co/protocol
We’re a company that celebrates diversity, cherishes giving back to our community, and challenges the status quo in tech. Each of our employees is a leader in their field and contributes to building and distributing our cutting-edge enterprise and self-service solutions, that help our clients improve their products and services, increase customer acquisition and retention, and grow revenue.
Based in Silicon Valley, and founded by the team that built the technology Facebook uses internally to understand the behavior of its 2 billion users, Interana provides the world’s most advanced enterprise platform for product analytics and behavioral analysis in a GDPR era. Used by companies such as Microsoft, Salesforce, Comcast, Goodyear, Uber, Sonos. Bleacher Report and many others, Interana is the only solution that allows business users to analyze trillions of data points, iteratively and in real-time, to go beyond the static reports and dashboards of traditional BI and analytics tools, and surface business insights that would otherwise remain hidden. For more information, please visit us at interana.com, or on Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn as @InteranaCorp.
Curtiss-Wright provides highly engineered products and services with a focus on advanced technologies for high performance platforms and critical applications. Our technological expertise spans decades of innovation and we have compiled an extensive portfolio of critical technologies serving commercial, defense, energy and industrial markets. Our technologies, some that are sole source or first-of-a-kind, achieve the demanding performance levels required for optimal safety, performance and reliability in difficult “must not fail” applications.
We strive to exceed our customer’s expectations through results oriented services and solutions that enable mission success. We pride ourselves in adopting our client’s missions as our own, and consistently providing world class technical solutions. We accomplish this by hiring dedicated problem solvers who build long-term, mutually trusting relationships with our customers.
All Vision Technologies provides infrastructure to optimize the quality of data for training machine learning models. We enable data scientists and AI/ML software developers to build models that account for hidden causal features, that incorporate native mechanisms for improving data labels, and that exhibit peak accuracy and performance. all.vision
VIRES Aeronautics is uniquely positioned to transform the aeronautics industry with its revolutionary wing design. They retrofit the wings of legacy aircrafts, enabling faster takeoff and landing, increased payload capacity, improved maneuverability, extended range, and reduced fuel consumption. Their technology also has the capacity to disrupt a myriad of other markets including, but not limited to, automobiles, submarines, ships, turbines, and trains.
Accion Systems manufactures propulsion systems for satellites based on proprietary technology developed at MIT.
Our systems address an industry-wide issue: there are no suitable in-space propulsion options for small satellites, and systems designed for large satellites are cost-prohibitive. We offer a solution for the entire $2B in-space propulsion market that is inexpensive, small but easily scalable, and safe for rideshare launches.
We are the mobile-first productivity platform for the world's most mobile workforce. Hyper-focused on the non-tactical daily work on which most of our troops spend most of their time. Combines joy of use, military-grade security, and an analytics layer to help our troops and their commanders make better decisions, faster. We have assembled an ultra-high performing team and are exceedingly well positioned to become the dominant provider of these solutions, already seeing substantial traction and early revenue.
Root3 Technologies Inc. provides a hosted software as a service solution that reduces energy costs 10-30% in onsite energy plants for universities, hospitals, airports, and military bases. Root3’s no-install, patent-pending technology uses powerful Predictive Analytics and Big Data to help energy plant managers make hour-by-hour operating decisions.
Every day we ask police, fire, industrial safety, and other first responders to enter hazardous, unseen spaces in the performance of their duty. We provide tools to help keep them safer as they work for our well-being. Our 360/omnidirectional cameras can be thrown into a dangerous environment and instantly deliver omnidirectional real-time video to a first-responder's smartphone, tablet, or even VR headset. In addition to our ongoing work with first-responders, we are exploring applications of our image processing technology to the consumer VR/360 video space.
Patented 3D Motion Sensing Technology. Axelo's vision is to enable the widest spectrum of applications with motion sensing and movement detection capability, and to be a leading company in developing and improving these technologies for worldwide market acceptance. The patent is prior to all major corporations currently playing in this domain. Home Entertainment,Healthcare, Aerospace, as well as products/devices designed specifically for Military Applications.
We empower robots to go where people and robots cannot go today - to gather critical intelligence that makes battlefields safer for service members and innocent civilians. We do cool stuff in the areas of deep learning, online learning, life-long learning, perception, state estimation, planning, controls, and hardware design.
Widetronix’s mission is to enable autonomous sensors for the wireless world. The company is commercializing ultra low power sensors with betavoltaic micro-power sources, which have an energy density up to 5 µW/cm2. This technology is based on licensed patents from Cornell University, as well as Widetronix patents and patents pending. Known applications include critical system protection for defense ($200M), secure IT and networking ($840M), industrial sensors ($500M), and medical implants ($1B), where drivers are long-life, stability in harsh environments, and small size, respectively. Widetronix operates its own electronics packaging facility, as well as in the Cornell Nanofabrication Facility, both in Ithaca, New York. The company is venture, grant, and customer funded and is seeking to fill out $500K of a $1M bridge financing to lead to a $5M Series A in 2014. This will enable the company to transition into production and sales in 2014.
Authentication and data protection to the growing number of physically small sensors (wired and wireless) and low-power devices being introduced daily around the world. Target platforms include everything from smartphones (see video of smartphone demo), tablets, and sensors to medical devices, buildings and automobiles. Devices and machines are being connected to the Internet at a staggering rate and will approach 50 billion “connected devices” by 2020. Security and privacy are now critical factors in the successful introduction and use of new technology and SecureRF’s solutions enable customers and partners to uniquely meet this challenge. Its patented protocols deliver the highest value in protection at the lowest cost possible and the option of a transactional revenue model further enhances value by allowing customer to only pay for what they use.
At Improbable, we believe that simulations as large and complex as the real world are the next fundamental breakthrough technology. Like in the real world, objects in these simulations will change in response to their environment, and their interactions will combine to form massive, complex systems. We are building the platform to make these simulations possible. New worlds for gaming and entertainment can now be created using our product, SpatialOS. Our technology creates permanent, persistent and engaging experiences: worlds where your actions really matter. The same technology that makes imaginary worlds feel real can also illuminate complex systems at work in reality. We use insight acquired through simulation to solve real world problems. You can find out more about our technology on our website - improbable.io
Every day, two million passengers and their baggage are screened at US airports. Millions more are screened at international airports, office buildings, infrastructure centers, and more. Beyond people, billions of pieces of cargo, mail, and freight are scanned. What most of these have in common is little automation and very manual process. Synapse provides algorithmic analysis of security x-ray images to determine if they contain a threat, such as a firearm of explosive. We deploy our deep learning-based algorithms on premises at global airports, and provide a user interface for screeners to communicate with the algorithms. We already have global pilots underway. We’re backed by top-tier Bay Area investors that believe in our vision for a safer world.
NerVve has developed the next generation in video search technology. The Intelligent video analytics market will grow in excess of 30% per year with an estimated size of $1.2 billion in 2018. NerVve is at the forefront of this growing market.

NerVve allows you to search through videos and images as much as 1000x faster than current method using a search by example methodology. The NerVve Visual Search Solution (NVSS) is highly scalable and can be run on multiple servers. It has been heavily tested in some of the most demanding customer environments in the intelligence community and broadcast.
Fortem offers an intuitive 3D platform to unify security systems: video cameras and recorders, access control, GPS, radar, gunshot detection, analytics, etc.

Our patent-pending technology, inspired from video-games, eliminates bottlenecks and helps better prevent, detect, investigate and respond to crimes and disasters. Tracking suspects, understanding and controlling emergencies becomes easy and fast.

Customers include the Newark PD, Montreal Transit and Defense departments worldwide.
The product was also used recently to analyze video associated with the recent bombing in Boston, allowing law enforcement to quickly identify video segments that included specific objects of intelligence importance.
Silverside Detectors helps governments reduce the threat of nuclear terrorism. The flat-panel radiation detector can be installed at nuclear storage sites, in transit infrastructure, at ports and borders, and around city environments. This creates a networked web of detectors, which can share background readings to more accurately pinpoint movement of illicit nuclear material. The technology is one tenth the cost of current solutions on the market.
Rufus builds technology to improve efficiency and safety in the workplace.
Developed by law enforcement officers, iCrimeFighter is a mobile evidence management solution bringing true mobility to officers’ everyday work life. iCrimeFighter’s mission is to make evidence collection and investigative collaboration easier and more efficient.
With every line you write, Diﬀeo learns more about what you're working on and how you see your world. Behind the scenes, it uses that information to scour the deep Web and your private data sources to build a dynamic graph of the people, places, things, and events that matter to your research. As you work, Diﬀeo recommends sources that you may never have known existed, and makes connections even when they are deeply buried or hidden on purpose. With Diﬀeo, your workﬂow is unbroken, and the insight into your world gets clearer and clearer.
Aero Glass provides a unique turnkey solution for the aviation industry by addressing pilots' need to properly visualize terrain, navigation, traffic (ADS-B), instrument, weather, and airspace information with access to vital safety procedures and protocols, without the requirement of inspecting instruments, phone or iPad. Using Epson Moverio, Google Glass and other Head-Mounted Displays, Aero Glass is the first to bring Augmented Reality to pilots providing an unparalleled 3D, 360° experience in the cockpit, regardless of the visibility conditions. These capabilities will make the skies safer for all aviators.

Markets include 1M General Aviation pilots, Police & First Responder, Commercial Aviation, Gaming, Training, and Defense. Aero Glass is working with partners to craft targeted solutions for each market. As the first to market with Augmented Reality for General Aviation pilots, the Company has generated significant traction since launch of it's beta product on July 22nd.
Ohuku provides a 100% visual data simulation platform that simplifies complicated data by leveraging the user's intuition with artificial intelligence (AI) and patented mental models in a dynamic user interface. We’re simplifying how people interact with complicated data, in a way that’s easy and intuitive to use, even for beginners.
TALOS X​ ​is specialized in advanced​ ​engineering​ ​consulting​ ​for industrial and commercial operations.​ ​We​ ​provide​ ​domain​ ​expertise in​ Robotics, ​Unmanned Vehicles, Hardware Design, Software Design, and Engineering Strategy. We​ are​ ​recognized for​ ​our​ ​highly​ ​skilled and experienced engineer​​ing and robotics team.​ ​Our engineers have project experience for NASA, DARPA, Oceaneering, The US Navy, The US Army, and the US Patent Office. Our company offers​ ​deep technical knowledge, outstanding work​ ​quality,​ ​accurate​ ​delivery, and a dedication to​ ​the highest​ ​standards of​ ​engineering design and innovation. Through​ ​a deep​ ​understanding​ ​of​ ​client needs​ ​and careful project execution,​ ​TALOS X​ ​transforms​ ​technology-based​ ​visions​ ​into​ ​a​ ​working​ ​reality.
My team is building a multispectral remote sensing platform for biosensing applications in mobile health and aerospace markets. We are submitting the prototype of this sensor for competition in the Qualcomm Tricorder X-Prize Challenge, and are currently building partnerships for commercialization.
Planck Aerosystems builds fully autonomous drone systems for formidable maritime operations. We’re looking for enthusiastic and talented engineers to solve real, exciting technical challenges.
We've built an open-source platform for professionals who make a difference in society — in law enforcement, military and intelligence, public sector investigation, regulation, and public relations.

Seajas helps them be more effective in their work. By combining their information sources and giving them context to their information. Keeping a forensically sound record and keeping to case privacy by keeping their data and queries in-house. By providing real-time updates and search across huge volumes of information. And strong visualizations through data analysis: machine translation, speech-to-text, geo-search, graph networks, and complex language processing to extract sentiment, categories, and entities.

We work with intelligence and law enforcement to monitor cases online, and mapping out images for event and crisis monitoring. With regulatory agencies to index legal texts from disparate sources. And marketing firms to provide business and product sentiment for their clients.
Vaporsens, is developing a detector to help law enforcement, military, and public safety officials "sniff" out explosives and narcotics. The detector uses our breakthrough sensor technology that is more sensitive than any other on the market.

Our sensor has seven pending patents and can be utilized in detectors for handheld, ambient, and checkpoint use. The development is supported by the Defense Department, Utah's prestigious TCIP program, the National Science Foundation's SBIR program, and private investors.
Data analytics, sensor solutions and scientific software. Industries include aerospace & aviation, manufacturing and defense. Specialty in lasers and cameras (visible and infrared) Solutions are based on the technology foundation for missile defense systems and on software for scientific analytics and modeling.
Blackbird.AI uses machine learning and interdisciplinary human intelligence to combat disinformation. Our proprietary AI-Driven SaaS platform is aimed at providing a more automated understanding of disinformation campaigns and harmful digital media. Our platform surfaces synthetic amplification from bots and trolls, delegitimization campaigns and meme-driven propaganda. Blackbird.AI provides real-time actionable insights for disinformation countermeasures to governments, Fortune 500/Global 1000 brands, and citizens. We help preserve brand integrity, trust, and regulatory compliance through cloud-based visual dashboards and systems-level integration.
The "X4" concept is a 30kW Diesel engine achieving 50% better fuel economy than a piston engine, in a 10x8x8" package, weighing 25lbs. While developed initially for the DoD, this engine will have applications including as a range-extending power source to increase range of an EV.
In 2015 the company completed a $1M DARPA Feasibility study, and the company expects up to $12.5M in DoD contracts to develop diesel versions of its X engine for generator and UAV applications in 2016.
The LiquidPiston 'X' engine is an advanced rotary internal combustion engine that is fuel efficient, extremely compact and lightweight, durable, quiet, and has near-zero vibration.
The X-Mini engine is a 70cc gasoline SI engine, the size of a grapefruit, rated at 3-5 HP, weighing only 4 lbs. This engine is the company's most mature technology demonstrator - achieving 50% better fuel economy than comparable displacement piston engines. This engine can be used in generators, chainsaws, mopeds, UAVs, etc.
Starburst is an innovation catalyst in the aerospace industry. It is the first and only global aerospace accelerator, connecting startups with corporates, investors and government, providing growth and investment opportunities for all. With offices in Los Angeles, Paris, Munich, Seoul, Tel Aviv, and Singapore, the team has built an ecosystem of key players with 6000+ startups in its network. Our program helps startups scale their business in aerospace and defense with access to the largest group of corporate stakeholders to help startups win their first $1M+ contract. We’re interested in tech transfer from research labs or a very innovative concept – teams made up of entrepreneurs and scientists – with an existing prototype to market.
BLAZnTECH is proud to introduce the world's first and only Motorized Weapons Cleaning System, a pocket-sized tool that manages to quickly and effectively (without any disassembly) clean most commonly used rifles and handguns! Made from glass-reinforced nylon, assembled in the United States, and covered by a lifetime warranty, the (MWCS) is guaranteed to provide a luxurious cleaning experience. Founded by a combat veteran who personally discovered the need for such a device during his time overseas, BLAZnTECH is a veteran-owned and operated company that takes great pride in delivering its necessity-based invention to an industry that is already calling the product "a vacuum in a market full of brooms”.
Our team of MIT rocket scientists is printing spacecraft propulsion like computer chips. Thanks to Moore's law and the exploding commercial imagery and communications markets, the number of satellites that will be launched over the next few years will surpass the total number launched throughout the history of spaceflight, and we want to sell them propulsion systems.
Because our systems are comprised of quarter-sized modular thruster chips, our products can be anything you need them to be--use 8 chips to de-orbit a tiny CubeSat, or arrange hundreds side-by-side to maintain your geostationary satellite's precise attitude. This modularity, and our peculiar liquid propellants that don't require heavy tanks and valves, position us to shake up the stagnant electric propulsion industry for any customer, with any size of satellite, for the first time in nearly 60 years.
GlobeKeeper builds real-time collaboration platform for security personnel that includes (1) an encrypted communication network, (2) intuitive collaboration interface, and (3) compatibility with existing systems and equipment in order to save lives, money and enhance decision making capabilities. 
Comprimato has standard based video codec for UHDTV video able to run on comodity PC. Enables UHDTV/4K workflows on current hardware. B2B oriented.
All traditional AI methods digest historical data to create an expert system that models past events. These approaches can be precise and consistent, but they typically have no way to account for their decision process, and they fail when confronted with a sentient opponent. Facing such real world demands is not an exercise in traditional machine learning. Accordingly, we have developed an entirely new theory of algorithms, from the ground up, specifically for defeating sentient adversaries.
Saikou Optics is unique in our ability to capture and stream multiple focal lengths nearly simultaneously and to zoom at ultra-high speeds without compromising optical quality, and to dynamically respond to the requirements of a computer vision controller.
The greatest value propositions for adoption of Saikou Optics technology are wherever the ability to see and understand everything in an environment is mission critical and depends on computer vision to derive insights and recommend or take actions. These use cases include applications as diverse as mobile sensing systems for autonomous vehicles, stationary wide area surveillance systems, and scientific microscopes used for scanning multiple layers within human cells.
Applications of Saikou's technology in early stages of development with strategic partners include: a passive (camera) system for autonomous vehicles; a multi-channel wide-area object tracking system for defense system testing; and, a microscopy imaging system.
Sooner than you think, you will have a robot actively involved in your daily life. It may be a personal robot, but more likely it will be your car, or a security drone or delivery vehicle. These devices will not be operator controlled, they will be autonomous, and need vision.
They need a small, light weight, low power unit with no moving parts. We have such a unit. We have the the next generation of robotic vision systems. Our techniques are proprietary. We will have the patents to protect our IP.
We have pushed ultrasonic technology to the point where it looks like radar. We provide full XYZ coordinates for multiple objects. We also determine density characteristics about each object’s surface. For autonomous vehicles, this means telling the difference between a 2 meter bush that a tractor can plow through versus a 2 meter boulder that should be avoided. We can see a wounded soldier laying on the ground versus a log.
TrazeTag produces visual durable RFID tags to track high value assets, tools, equipments and materials outdoors and in harsh / abusive environments. Its products and methods are patented.
Citadel builds an automated and modular drone defense solution that uses proprietary machine learning algorithms to detect and engage unwanted drones. Our team is made up of experts from the commercial and military drone industries with decades of experience in delivering exceptional solutions. We are Venture Capital backed and our current customers include the United States Department of Defense, Defense Innovation Unit-Experimental (DIUX) and the Special Operations Communities.
TASSC’ TYR 3000 is the first of its kind in the mid size COAX VTOL UAV (Coaxial Rotor, Vertical Take Off-Landing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle/System) will strengthen ties between the civilian and military sectors as well as the industrial and technical communities. It will act as the incubator for new unmanned system programs, with particular emphasis on potential unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) markets. The TYR 3000 will revolutionize the UAV market with its extreme low cost system price.
The National Security Technology Accelerator (NSTXL) provides a single access point for innovative companies to access the extensive Department of Defense (DoD) network and its vast resources.

Companies, universities, and laboratories can utilize NSTXL services to more efficiently and effectively access the proven commercialization track of the US military for their technologies.

On the flip side, NSTXL enables DoD to cast a much larger net in order to find specific, innovative solutions to the hundreds of technological needs for installations and operations worldwide.

Through an innovative online platform combined with a series of technology expos, challenges, competitions and awards, NSTXL prospects and vets emerging technologies and matches them with aggregated technological requirements of the US military. Once a match is made, NSTXL utilizes special contracting authority to complete the prototyping contract in a matter of only a few weeks.
Open Cosmos offers a combination of hardware, software and services that reduce technical complexity, paperwork and cost when developing satellite hosted payloads.
We provide a standardized nanosatellite (qbee) and a payload development tool (qbkit) that together with our web app (qbapp) allow ful mission development from payload conception in qbkit to in orbit control once launched in our qbee. This together with a comprehensive list of services (frequency allocation, insurance negotiation, export control, launch, GNC...) allow our customers to focus on what really adds value to their projects: their payload and the in orbit data.
Open Cosmos makes space technologies available to entrepreneurs, researchers and a broader range of organizations that will not only use them to run Earth Observation businesses, gain TRL of technologies in real space conditions, perform exploration or drive military surveillance but also to develop disruptive innovations that will shape our future.
